USER ROLES ＆ INVOICE/PRICING


Date    2025-07-31

Speaker 0 00:00
But they're just not at that level yet yeah yeah i am excited for that level to just be able to be like hey go do this contract but i'm feeling at the point we're getting to that point i feel like a lot of stuff changes i mean everyone uses it yeah yeah yeah you got to be an early early. 

Speaker 1 00:19
Uh adapter to that you can't can't be late that's something that literally as soon as it comes out whoever jumps on it Their company is going to explode overnight. You can take the smallest two-person company, and it will turn into a multi-top-level, multi-billion or multi-million-dollar company that's competing with two-decade, three-decade companies that have been in operation, like the top of the top. If somebody can get to that, especially in the medical field, if somebody can get the medical billing aspect just fully automated, which it's definitely possible because everything is regulated with restrictions and guidelines, they would be so ridiculously good that as soon as you get an account, as soon as you get a claim, it will be out-submitted. properly everything exactly how it should be no errors and it would just be sending them out immediately like clinics you can sign hundreds of clinics and not even think about it yeah yeah exactly i mean ultimately. 

Speaker 0 01:40
That's the goal unfortunately right now like we're still talking about bots which is just telling something what to do rather than having it Thank you, y'all. Yeah. 

Speaker 1 01:52
Yeah. We had a conversation with this dude, Alan Zimmerman, who created basically a program like UiPath and his own. UiPath actually stole his framework to his RPA development site. And he literally said that to us. He said, you know, a lot of people are talking about RPAs like the thing that's going to change the world. But it's just using what's already there. Like it's not doing anything different or on its own to handle all of the different things without you having to basically build it in. So he was working on agentic stuff and models and LLMs like years ago. He's been he's been feeling that way. And this man is like a super genius. His his dad put him in coding like when he was three years old, he was coding full on. programs at like five and six years old this man is like talking to him is like uh it's like yeah literally it's like you're like no sorry you're wrong try again do that again please he has the most like deadpan face and humor is like so interesting but he was on a uh a video with one of the top guys in rpa and um The guy was like, oh, man. He's like, can you beat my score? There's something called the RPA challenge. Like, can you beat my score? I did it in 20 seconds. He was like, no, I don't think I can beat your score, right? And he presses play. And this thing does it in like 1.2 seconds. And the guy is like, oh, my gosh, what happened? It was like, yeah. The guy was like, can you like. press it again i don't did that even do them all like is that like really doing it he was like yeah i press it again and it did it like even faster the second time right so this guy is blown away because he could only get it to like 22 seconds but this guy got it like 0.7 seconds and this was something he just whipped up on the spot on his actual website he shows like how he coded hand coded different ways of doing it to get lower times and his ability is just like next level so yeah so he's been working on LLMs we looked into his way of doing it but it's at that point where it's too it's too clunky you can tell he doesn't have like a large team developing what needs to be done so we just watch that But we're actually we found some good stuff and we've been playing with some different agentic stuff That's really been like opening up some new doors for us because we don't we don't code the way that most people do like if you watch any rpa video or automation video the way that they do the their method we don't do that like that we use a completely different method and um i have yet to find it anywhere so we've been doing specifically automation for years now so uh we use completely different automation methods so hopefully Now that we got to a level of ease of use for automation, we can actually build something to handle that automation process. But it's a lot of time, effort, not necessarily resources besides time and effort, because a lot of these agentic models, some of them are open source. Like China just released an AI that is literally competing with. It's Claude, which is one of the top AIs, and it's completely open source. All you have to do is host it in a server. So there's a lot of different options now out there that literally will allow so many different things. So we've been playing with those ideas, man, but I'm right there with you. I want us to be like the company that creates. that automation yeah automator like that's what i want and i want to really just press a button have the ais communicating and build out a full-scale enterprise level automation for a company multiple multiple times and then literally drop the product for these companies yeah oh for sure i'm there with you man i i. 

Speaker 0 06:55
I would rather be a software company than a billing company. I think there's more I can produce out of my mind than I can produce with a bunch of bodies. Frankly, I don't want 100 employees. That's not really what I'm looking for out of life, or 200 or 300, not to say that this thing might not get there. I'm saying that I'm already at 12 employees, and I just signed four more labs, and trying to figure things out there. Yeah, I mean, my ideal world is not having a bunch of employees because frankly, having a bunch of employees is a bunch of people you got to train, a bunch of risks you have to absorb. Like, it's just so much. And at the end of the day, I'd rather be a really good boss to a handful of employees than a bad boss to like 150. Because I just don't have the bandwidth or the time to ensure that they're actually poured into the way a really good employee should be poured into and taken care of. A lot of pride in my leadership. And unfortunately, leadership gets really hard to scale after 50 employees. Like, it's just, you might be like, Ashley, I have good managers. But then you have to spend time with those managers. And when you have more than two or three managers over employees, oh. 

Speaker 1 08:10
Good luck. Yeah, you're at a corporation level where you have to have managers that watch the managers. and then manage the management that's watching the managers and. 

Speaker 0 08:25
10 percent 80 percent of the work in any company and the rest are administrative and some administration's important right like you don't want to be breaking employment laws and stuff like that and yeah that's why people were upset about elon firing all those people at twitter it's. 

Speaker 1 08:42
Like if you actually look into the work that's being done, what's produced from it, it's not worth. investing the income like the capital yeah to have them there and it is it's sad but that's the a lot of companies scale up in employment when they don't necessarily even have to like that's why i love these tech companies that are like multi-billion dollar companies they have like 15 people that work for the company to me that's that's crazy right. 

Speaker 0 09:19
That you can do all of that with so little a hundred percent yeah i'm hoping that like here you know i have to hire a couple temp workers to secure these contracts i'm gonna have to hire another accountant inevitably another credentialing agent inevitably like i have a couple things coming up that i have to hire but i really am so hesitant to hire because i really think once we have the funding and the financing that i can just automate a lot of things credentialing is going to be one of the hardest things to automate so i'll probably just have to hire that one out um just because you're in every single payers portal but yeah well yeah i mean that's the thing. 

Speaker 1 09:59
It may take longer and of course there's always room for change like they want they may change elements and change this thing that but It is always potentially like if it's remains the same every time it might be something worth looking into Because yeah Some of these may even give like back-end access, but if they don't like if it's straight front end, it's good If you do have access to all portals that you may need, because then you kind of build out a full scale employment process for your company, like a full company process. Because most of the time, I'm sure for other processes, you're going to need to access some of those portals for different things as well. 

Speaker 0 10:54
The problem is the scalability. It's not actually. which like in the long run, I would love to just make credentialing software that automates all of this. But it's the scalability because you only secure one contract for one lab one time. So you have seven labs, you secure that contract seven times. To automate one process that occurs seven times, the problem is you have to do a hundred different processes. seven times for a hundred different payers right yeah yeah yeah it's the scalability is the problem so that's why i talked about the agent ai because if you could teach an ai specifically credential and that's it and like teach your credentialing super well then it can go into websites and think and even if it like has a freeze and asks for review and approval and those kinds of things like I don't know. I don't know how you automate credentialing outside of like, I think you can create credentialing databases that make credentialing really easy, which is something I want to do. Where like, I guess an example, I don't know how much you guys know about credentialing. But like, if you were able to onboard a client and link out every single document, and then you open up a payer when it's time to credential, and all the documents are there, that payer would require On the tab. So you open up New York Blue Cross Blue Shield. These are the documents New York Blue Cross Blue Shield wants. They're all linked. So you open it and you just go in and submit it. Like if you can do something like that. 

Speaker 1 12:32
So you have those. Yeah, you have a repository of the different payers and what they require for their their claims. 

Speaker 0 12:40
And then each client would have a profile where their documents and questions are uploaded and are a part of the system. So you open up New York Blue Cross Blue Shield. like we would put in a w9 is required your labs w9 populates there like the stack of papers occurs there at that level and then even if you had a repository of like questions and answers that you know payers will ask then you can type into a system with a learning language model like hey when was the company founded and it would just spit out an answer for you those kinds of things so yeah. 

Speaker 2 13:15
Jermaine you want to slide over here look we're had a time ton of technical issues right now so i'm so so sorry like seriously i yes what i went through insane right now but i think we're at a point where we could start um i know it's ending time so um i just texted tara she. 

Speaker 0 13:37
Was my next meeting and i said hey i'm stuck in a call can we move to tomorrow's Okay. 

Speaker 3 13:54
Perfect. Okay, I can, yes. You're good. Okay. Yep. 

Speaker 0 14:40
Yes. Yes. Okay. So are we talking about it from the level that I'm just operating in it with my team for the clients that we have? Right. What? the full blow like the full-blown thing the whole thing yep yes yes i would say there's three and that will be not fun for you Because so there is going to be us there's going to be the billing company. Let's let's talk about these in pilling company Laboratory and clinic they're gonna have three different groups of viewability So us as a billing company, we have seven labs, right? Let's just say we have seven labs Um, so we have seven laboratories. So we need to be able to log in and out and see those seven labs and And individuals can have a permission to see labs or not see labs. So like in Collaboratemd if you guys want me to like go over and share my screen there, I can. But essentially like in Collaboratemd I can give specific employees access to specific labs and that would let them see. Yeah. Yeah. Let me go log in. Okay. Sorry, my baby's going to be mad for a minute. Okay. it's a lot of fun to try to keep them quiet on a sales call okay so if i create in customers or account administration user access user management and i want to add a user i can grant them access to specific customers yes or no right here like i can say you have access to infinity you have access to patient's choice you have access to precision billing you have access to precision life yes or no and that's the kind of level at a biller's level i would like to be able to give them access to a lab or remove access to a lab you know so this would make it so if i had an accountant working three labs they would have access to those three labs um so the goal with everything with HIPAA is that you always just give people access to the amount that or the place that they need. So that'd be the goal is for internalized individuals that there would be general staff level admin access myself. I would have access to everything right and then I can assign people clients yes or no and then that's kind of the staff level. Below the billing level, you would have the lab level. They only have access to their client. And then below that, you'd have the clinic level. They only have access to their clinic, meaning their invoices and their outstanding things to pay, just that component, their responses, just that component. So there would be three levels there. It's like what is seen at billing versus what is seen at lab versus what is seen at clinic and they would slowly narrow down the scope of what's available for them to see. And their interactive components would be smaller and smaller. Like someone in billing would be able to key in invoices, delete invoices, post payments, those things. Someone at the lab couldn't key in an invoice. They could view invoices. It would essentially be a view only access at the lab level. They can view invoices. They can view outstanding AR. but they can't interact and like edit an invoice at the lab level they would essentially be there to see the dashboard the reporting and if they want to view an invoice and download it they can correct correct not uploading they wouldn't be building anything it's a view access for them See reports, see the dashboard, see the invoices, the ability to download. So if they want to go in there and say, hey, we're actually meeting with a client tomorrow. We know they have outstanding invoices. We just want to be able to go in and download all their invoices to bring them to the meeting. 

Speaker 4 19:58
Mm-hmm. 

Speaker 0 20:01
But you can also, if you wanted to set them up at like a role permissions table like that, the hardest part is going to be like setting aside those three roles so a clinic can only ever view the clinic. Like they wouldn't be able to view reports, they wouldn't be able like to make it super limited for that user type. More than just individual role permissions, but like what type of user is being set up because the lab would never get permission to see another lab. 

Speaker 4 20:51
Yeah. 

Speaker 3 21:31
Yes. 

Speaker 0 21:53
Probably. I mean, in the case of it's like rural permissions there, where even if we can select and deselect, let's go back over to Collaboratemd so I can show you, you know, kind of our default for software and like our experience. And you can tell me, Ashley, this is literally impossible. It's so hard to do those kinds of things. So every single person is a from scratch build here in the sense that they have access to nothing. and you have to go in and kind of build that out there's standard user rules that you can assign but let's say i'm building someone for the precision billing solutions and infinity let's say they need access to those two then i can go into permissions and here you can see now they have an infinity and precision billing solutions what's their access at precision billing solutions i can set custom permissions where i go through every single thing and deny or allow um some are you only those kinds of things or i can add to an existing role and I've built out some some rules here and then I can copy it to another customer so they have the same level of access to multiple customers or you can have a custom setting up so that is what I'm used to right is being able to come in here set up germain and then select a role it interface and everything is the correct way it's supposed to be and I built out it Yep, security, permission roles. So I can come in here, add a new role, name it. And it's that same individual selection. So then I can come in here, approve and deny everything under account administration, appointments, claims. You know, I can go through and just approve or deny access, access only, access and modify, access, modify and delete, essentially. And so I can go through all of these and set up currently like people's user management. Now, I don't expect something this thorough. There's so many sections to collaborate MD, of course, but that's kind of what I'm used to. So if we were to say, we're going to create, I know this is a lot for IT, it's not just creating, but creating an interactive interface for it. We're going to create an interface where you can set up the management, you can name those roles, you can have up to five roles, let's say, whatever it might be. Yeah, I just not working with IT in the past. They're like, it's one thing to do it. And then that's the second thing to build out an interface to let you do it. So I know that can be a separate item as well. That'd be the best version of it is that we're able to say, Max is coming on with his lab, Max wants access to view everything. And he wants his clinics to be able to view his clinics. And then he wants one employee to come in and have access. but he doesn't want that employee to have access to let's say the finances only the individual invoices right so that employee can go in look up a clinic download their invoices send them over but that employee never sees the accounts paid or payable like never sees the higher level reports so we could remove dashboard and reporting from this person so they only have access to look up clinics and download invoices right like that would be it in the good better best version of everything the best version is everyone would be able to come in here and set up their own custom software like long term when we talk about the sas based model but when we talk about today and like getting things live for me and for us it would just be the those three levels and we could set up those three permissions as a standard permission and that would bake in longer time for you all in a longer runway unless it's easier to knock it all both have to be available. Yeah, an Excel spreadsheet of like outstanding balances, those kinds of things need to be able to be reportable. But also you need to be able to go in and download the PDF copy of the invoice to submit that over to accounts receivable at such and such hospital. Because they often retain those for their tax purposes, right? They have to retain all of their invoices. And so they may request. Yeah. I mean, I want everything, but like, as far as like, if we were to start something right guys, like we were to start and say, we'll start here. It'd be fine to open up each client and just have a copy of the PDF and click download, download, download. But like, I do believe just like a report. report, you could go and select the clinic names, select a date frame, say download as a zip, and then you can zip out everything, all of the PDFs, right? Like that's best version of it. 

Speaker 4 27:43
Mm-hmm okay Yeah. 

Speaker 0 28:19
Yeah, and we could put in a couple standard reports to make things easy for them. So like, just to set up and say like, clinic level report, so you can select any clinic, right. And then to do like a lab level report. So a lab could see on a clinic level, you'd see the individual patients that are due on the invoice numbers. So it'd be like invoice number, patient, line item due, you know, date due, those kinds of things. But on a lab level, you wouldn't see the individual patient. you would see the clinics. So it would be ABC wellness, ABC fitness, invoice number, date, balance due. So there would be two different reports available there. One would be, you know, on that clinic level. One would be on that lab level. 

Speaker 5 29:05
Yes. 

Speaker 6 30:02
Poor babe. probably screwing with your guys' painting right now. I'm having a baby cry. 

Speaker 4 30:53
Yep yeah yeah. 

Speaker 0 31:19
Yeah, I got to mentally take myself back to the first time we went through and kind of had this this Conversation because there were definitely items we picked out and I think some of them right here. Okay So I might bounce back and forth. So I guess let's start with invoice invoices and invoice Generation because this is gonna be the hardest I think as far as rules go to ensure that this is a comprehensive solution for laboratories, not just invoicing software, because there are things specific to labs that have to work. So as far as, and tell me if I'm on the right track here, Max, like if I'm talking about things in a way that you don't need, tell me. But for the invoicing requirements, there has to be the ability to do two versions of an invoice creation. and one of them you have in here great which is create an invoice where you can select the clinic the you would be logged into one particular lab so in this case we're under precision billing solutions let's say we're under precision life sciences underneath the lab then from there you can log in to select a clinic so here you know would be sunrise hospice reason type this needs to We need to be able to somewhere create new reason types. Or submit a ticket to you to have a new reason type created because the reason type new things can happen. There could be a new client bill arrangement. There could be a bankruptcy, whatever it might be. And we need to be able to create a categorized reason for that. Then the invoice number, I don't care. It can populate. However, if that doesn't impact me at all, I'm fine with this. the invoice date would be the date that it is being sent and the due date is the due date it's due and then in this case accession number wouldn't exist here because you could have multiple accession numbers on one invoice so if we go back to the actual invoice that we built out the one in this system kind of is built around one accession number one patient one date of birth In this system, it's built around, you have multiple claim numbers, and those claim numbers will have individual line items underneath them. The manual creation of those will be easy enough for the line items. The file upload is where we had specced this out a little bit earlier because... The input and output, there needs to be a table in settings where people can select what their input is word for word. So if the input is going to be UTI, the output has to be X. If the input is going to be 80053, the output has to be, you know, 80053-CMP. Those things have to be able to occur because. Oftentimes clinics don't just want the CPT code, they want the CPT code and the test name. Or our system could output something like UTI, but it would have to say molecular UTI. And in the best version of this, it should be fully adaptable so that I can utilize any version of characters to essentially be a VLOOKUP, where it will look and reference the table and create an output. because in the best version of this CPT codes could change tomorrow, outputs could change tomorrow, and we'd be adaptive to that to create whatever kind of output is required. So yeah, so there's that component there on the actual file creation of it. The other components of the download and file creation is that in... yep yes so it wouldn't be referencing like an external database we wouldn't be looking to like have a list of all the cpt codes that have ever existed and create that for them this would be a part of a lab onboard process so we're onboarding a new lab and we would be able to input the tests and the outputs because they're going to have different cpt codes but more importantly outside of just the cpt codes is the panels like they could have different panels those panels could have different names we need to just be able to have an input of characters with an output because that's essentially what we're doing on excel right now is we're doing a v lookup whenever 80053 is there we have an output that the clinics would find acceptable Yeah, so in this case, it's whatever, there's going to be a character function, where if UTI is typed in molecular UTI appears, and this is not on the creation level in here, because you could have whatever list, you know, and have those exist, it would be on the file upload option. So if we're dropping in CSVs, or if we're dropping in Excel files, the system has to be able to see whatever is in the billing code column and spit out on the invoice what it's supposed to be. Because right now, CMD can drop out a series of numbers and Rhiannon does a VLOOKUP with like, let's say it's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Like that's what CMD is popping out. She has to know and do a VLOOKUP to say that's a UTI. the clinic's not going to know one two three four five six they're going to know molecular uti and so she has to be able to take whatever billing software gives her as far as codes and create it into a version that the clinic's going to understand Yeah, so we would just need to be able to have some internalized database. Like when we work with TruMed, They create these, one second, let me see. It's been a while since, it hasn't been that long. Oh, what is it called? Oh, I would have to look one up. We essentially create these spreadsheets that are uploaded on the back end. that have the database. So we could create that as a front end table that we could edit in settings. Essentially, here's an example of an internalized table in Collaboratemd MD that is referenced. Customization. This is an internalized table in Collaboratemd MD that's editable. So you would be able to come into an editable table, type in 80053, and then type in the output. so they would have access to do that kind of thing to create their inputs outputs those kinds of things and then yeah you would come into the client and you could scroll down and see like okay here's all the inputs available to the client here's all the outputs I know we don't. So we have some fields that have character inputs like UTI. 

Speaker 3 40:48
Right. 

Speaker 0 41:22
Right, yeah, and if we could format it so that you can copy and paste into it from an Excel file, that would probably be the easiest. Because most people are going to have a fee schedule as an Excel file of some sort. So, you know, that. Right, right. The other component, and I think I touched on it. um not on the same level so pricing would exist under clinics so let's go into quickbooks because although it sucks it does have its own pricing tables So in QuickBooks, we're able to add pricing tables underneath. QuickBooks just had a big update. So give me one second here. I'm going to have to re-figure out how to navigate this. So it has the ability for you to build. there you can have a standard payment so like anytime i type in cmp a standard payment will populate and you can have all your clients assigned to a standard pricing but you can also come in here and you can set up individual clinics and underneath those clinics they can have their own their own price um just based off of the different contracts let me figure out how to re-navigate back to customers. customer hub it's new they have really been having a lot of fun in quickbooks lately okay so inside of your customer hub you can have customer type set up and in here i can create somewhere in here you're you're supposed to be able to put in price rules right here so i can it can default down everything so you can say rule name is this for all customers or specific customers i don't even love how quickbooks has this it's just for the conversation but you can do do the price we already have but decrease everything by 10 it's 10 cheaper than the normal price schedule um which i think is cool but ultimately all we need is the ability to create this part right here so if the normal price is is $18 being able to come in here and say, no, for this clinic, it's 15. And so that's how this is like Rhiannon's current pricing setup, right? So if there's an 8 0 1 4 8 4, it's default pricing for this customer. First care management is 1530 and I can come in and edit it. Start dates and dates are important because every year a different contract should have a different price. So like, I mean, precision life just had this happen last year. because of cost of goods going up year over year, any samples ran for 2025 are a different price than samples ran in 2024 because there was a 5% increase on pricing. their customers yeah so yeah let's talk about i suppose the resourcing of every item that's going into this because that's ultimately what we're getting into is like we're how how does the out output of this test CPT code get created? How does the charge get created? Those kinds of things. So we can talk about, you know, those charges need to be set up specifically so that there's a baseline that they can reference. You know, that's the first uploaded price schedule. And then essentially the goal would be that you could just set up a bunch of price rules and then set each clinic to the price rule. So it would be like Maxwell Health, one, two, three. has a 2024 price schedule a 2025 price schedule those things are editable you just upload them and then when the invoice is generated you can select based off of those rules it's going to default to the maxwell health price schedule but if this date exists within one price schedule or the other price schedule that's how it's going to select the the pricing so if it's open there's no date there's one price schedule assigned great it's just going to default to that If there's two, the only way two can exist is if there are different date ranges for one clinic. So two pricing rules can only ever exist if there's different date ranges. There cannot be the same date ranges. Otherwise, it would have no idea what to reference. The other piece of clients, and this does exist in here. So we'll go back over here. Yep. So something could be invoiced today for something three years ago, because Medicare came back and clawed back today for a skilled nursing facility sample three years ago. And so you want to reference whatever their pricing structure was three years ago. You don't want to reference their pricing structure today because they have contracts with all these clinics. so like here's all of you know a bunch of different pricing schedules we have in here like sam rayburn facilities so one sales rep had specialized pricing for his facilities and separate pricing for any coveted places he brought on like that sales rep just had different pricing so those clinics and then in here you can say the rule name start date end date those things Not right now. So the way this works, the start date and date doesn't reference, it references the date of service. So QuickBooks does have this part built into it. I can have, so Bioti, these are all, we don't have the pricing put in. These are new, or we don't have the dates put in, but this is 2023 accounts, 2024 accounts, 2025 accounts. Bioti is a sales rep group. So those three will exist on all of the same customers. It just depends if the patient was seen in 2023 2024 2025 for the bill yeah yeah yeah so those price schedules are always new you're writing up a new one you're not editing i mean you can't edit an old one in case you made a mistake but typically we're going in we're reviewing the contracts that the lab has with the clinic we're inputting the price schedule and setting the dates that that price schedule is good for and it may not have an end date because the lab may have a contract that it's like a contract for a year and then after that it rolls on like there's no new contract unless something new is negotiated so yeah um and then the other thing i was going to say that they do have in quickbooks is the parent accounts versus sub accounts so here you can see ahc parent account remember same day in All of these accounts are underneath that AHC parent account. The reason we have a parent account and all these sub-accounts is for those open balances, so that when we report, we can see all of AHC or individual homes. So it all goes to one corporate account. It doesn't go to each individual home. Despite each individual home needing to develop their own invoices, their own fee schedules, their own balances, it ultimately goes to one parent account. um and so whoever would log in would need parent account access like we need to be able to have clinics be able to have a singular parent account there would not typically be a case where we'd be like putting another layer on top of it i i mean it shouldn't so we would just need to be able to have a parent account and then a typical clinic so a corporate level and you can see here like Atrium, we should have a parent account there. They're no longer active, so it's not important, but Atrium should have an Atrium parent account, so that way Atrium corporate can say what's going on with Atrium and we would be able to report and pull all of Atrium at the same time. 

Speaker 6 51:04
Correct. 

Speaker 4 51:20
There you go. Yeah, so you. 

Speaker 0 51:34
Yes, so that's that example there. As you can see, there's AHC parent account, and when you look at the customer notes, it's AHC parent account, AHC McNary, and you can see everything for AHC that's ever occurred. Let's go back to kind of the clinic level here, because we touched on this with user access, but the clinics need set up in a very, you know, specific way, which I think you guys are already kind of have built into the Netlify version. But a clinic should be able to have. all of their invoices housed underneath them with the status which we've put in the Netlify version. But every clinic we should be able to have customer details underneath the email that the invoice goes to, the phone number, you know all of those kinds of things about a clinic needs to be be able to assist in the clinic as well. Let's go. back over to Netlify. So invoice number is great. Client is going to be the clinics, date, date created, due date, date due, amount was the original draft amount, balance what's remaining, status, I did add those status items in here. We kind of had discussed that. Aging is great. I don't have a problem with that. So then let's go into the individual invoices already created because there was something wrong here, which is that these don't exist on a multiple patient, multiple account level. Here, you can see it's client, individual patient. So the thing that was just wrong here that we had touched on is the invoice details need to, you know, move, navigate patient back over underneath description. And you would have the same way the invoice itself is set up, a patient, John Doe, date claim. because they can have multiple claims and then line items underneath that claim number so that would be the difference here it just needs to to match the invoice essentially because i like how the invoice is subtotal total great we had touched on disputing do you want me to go into that again the reason something would be disputed and how that's navigated. 

Speaker 3 54:17
Yes. you Thank you. 

Speaker 4 55:54
Yeah. 

Speaker 3 56:19
Yes. Yes. Correct. 

Speaker 0 56:30
Correct. An internalized note section so we can say, you know, clinic has not been responsive. In the dream world, there would be a document upload section where the contract can be uploaded. So like in the dream world, at the very bottom, you would have a little section where you can upload documents and label them because you would want to upload the contract. Because as a biller, if if a clinic's telling me I'm not paying this, I would want to be able to have the contract on file the reference and not in a separate database is the best version of this. Um, yeah. I mean, that would be the main thing. And then the ability to select, I suppose you could even select from this level, just like the price rule, like what fee schedule, what price ruling is it on? And be able to navigate that from the customer details section. 

Speaker 5 57:35
Yes. 

Speaker 3 57:54
Okay yes. 

Speaker 0 58:43
Edit in the whole invoice. The whole invoice, yeah. Because right now in QuickBooks, if I want to edit an invoice... Let's go into an invoice. There's a view edit button. I can select that view edit. Yep invoice date. No. We don't need the editing of that. That's for definitely other business types. That's not for what we're doing. This stuff would all be populated in here. I suppose if you accidentally populated an invoice for the wrong clinic, maybe you want to reassign it. At that point, you've had a HIPAA violation. So I'd probably just, you know, void the whole thing and open up a new one. Yeah. So the one thing I will say is you can add in additional emails. So. even if on a clinic level let's say one specific invoice needs a rep cc'd on it then you can come in here on this level and add additional emails but yeah then at this point i can come in and key in another data service i can delete this line i can change the rate all of that it'll update and then underneath i can save or i can save and resend it back out and then because it's on the view status i can receive payment you know all that kind of stuff as well yes. 

Speaker 4 1:00:43
Okay. 

Speaker 0 1:01:06
You would not reduce the balance. they would have the ability to do a partial payment so they can skip paying that line if they would like to flag only correct so then yep at payment i i think i created this screen and if i didn't i can come back and we can build it out right here the ability to dispute it it removes it from the total balance at the bottom but the payment amount is still on this the balance is still on the screen so it doesn't scratch the total balance so anything that does not have a check box next to it would be in the total payment section so the balance doesn't change the payment amount does so they manually come in and they select this box let's say on lipid panel they're disputing this one new payment amount would auto go down to zero and everything else would have payment in it. The balance would stay the same as to what's due, and the total payment amount would change. It would remove the $6.31. They can also come in and issue a partial payment without disputing and just remove that $6.31, but I would want an auto-trigger when this box is checked. That goes down to zero automatically. And then as far as what occurs, I like your guys' notification system here. I think a notification should be developed for people in billing that a dispute has occurred on the invoice. Please view invoice. And then they can click that and it opens the invoice. 

Speaker 6 1:02:50
Perfect. 

Speaker 0 1:02:54
Right. Perfect. So it's by notification only. So then a person, if you see. select the dispute box button, a box will appear. They can put in their dispute reason. And then we could put in there like a text field that says someone from accounting will be reaching out to you to let you know if your dispute's been approved or removed. And so at that point, that introduces a human workflow. A person's going to go in, read why the clinic states they're not paying for it. Patient has insurance on file. We're not paying for this. Doctor didn't order this test, you know, whatever it might be. They can dispute it at that point and an employee can come in with an override and add it back on file and notify them on their end. Your dispute has been responded to and it needs to just have a field on our end to produce a response. Hey, we agree with you. We've deleted this or no, we don't agree. This amount still do. And then the employee would just have the override to uncheck that box, essentially. An employee can come in and uncheck any of those boxes. And, yeah, I mean, that's kind of that workflow. So let me know where you have questions there. Yeah, I think once a dispute's been put in one time and responded to, it should never be able to be filed again because the person's touched that. So we're not going to let them throw that back on dispute. We take it off of dispute. They throw it back on dispute. They take it off of dispute. An account should only ever be able to have one dispute. Otherwise, I mean, a clinic can go in and cause a lab a lot of trouble. per line item per line item so like this should only ever be able to have one dispute on it this should only ever be able to have one dispute on it those disputes could be different but they should one line item should never be disputed more than one time so that box would just gray out for them moving forward. And then, yeah, I mean, we did. Well, what other questions you have on that? And I actually, guys, I kind of have a hard stop now. I have a sales call. So. Okay. Okay. Perfect. Talk to you tomorrow. Bye. 

