PRICING/MAPPING ＆ IMPORT LOGIC


Date    2025-08-01

Speaker 0 00:00
I've got to go too. Um one second. I am texting my daughter's over at a neighbor's house. So i'm just texting them back Okay, perfect. 

Speaker 1 00:34
Okay, so Carly, I mean, Ashley. Ashley. Hey. 

Speaker 0 00:39
Carly's a great name. 

Speaker 2 00:41
Yeah, that's the meeting we just got out of with Carly. 

Speaker 0 00:44
Gotcha. No problem. 

Speaker 1 00:47
I always call my sisters and my wife, like, I mix their names up all the time. It's just the names that you're just, like, used to saying at the time being. So, all right. So. Can you open the Netlify? 

Speaker 3 01:06
Yes. Let's keep going. 

Speaker 1 01:11
Yes. Share it. 

Speaker 3 01:24
I got it. I bookmarked it a long time ago. 

Speaker 1 01:29
Deal. 

Speaker 3 01:30
Okay. Let me get the invoices. 

Speaker 1 01:40
Okay. So hang on a moment. Now I just lost my place in this meeting. All right. There we go. All right. Yep, yep, yep. So we've made some UI changes here. If you go into the settings. 

Speaker 0 02:05
Okay nice yep nice okay so client parent account parent account so you can add parent accounts to clients okay and this is like this is just keep in mind be. 

Speaker 1 02:20
Be critical be harsh be you know however you need to be, but just speak your mind and let it flow. the more that you give us the the better you know we'll go back to the drawing board and try to figure this out um if you don't like something let us know it's not going to hurt our feelings be hyper critical that's what we need okay. 

Speaker 0 02:50
One thing we're gonna have to figure out in mapping is the price and the item the test name code because we have those the upload test name the showing the presenting test name so we just need to define which piece goes here is it the upload is it a zero zero five three or is it so i wonder if this should be a drop down you can only select cpts and test codes that you already have established in your compendium fee schedule that's just my thought here because then if i type in like something that doesn't exist in that compendium to map the name out. It's going to break things. So I wonder if that, that's my only thought here on the price schedule. 

Speaker 2 03:39
Okay. And this is the pricing schedule. I have like a similar question that if you go to mapping rules next to it, it has that output. Okay. 

Speaker 0 03:54
Yeah. Perfect. 

Speaker 2 03:56
Is that like... Should that all be in one, the pricing schedules and the mapping, or is that something that should remain separate? 

Speaker 0 04:04
I think it should remain separate. And this is my thought process behind it, is that this table would get really large if you're adding a ton of different pricing schedules. This really should be clean about just, you know, what do you want input output wise. The only thing I could think is maybe you could set up the default price in here. So input, output, default, price, and then any unique pricing schedules we set up here. But I think that's like potato, potato there. Like no matter what, there's going to be a pricing schedule set up. My only other thing here would be maybe if we don't have default in here, putting default so one gets marked as default. So like in the settings, you would have something that says like this is the default price schedule. So when a client gets uploaded, if you don't change anything, that's how they're getting billed. So that could either be under import mapping rules. 

Speaker 1 05:04
Which would make most sense to you? Like what might be most intuitive, import mapping or price schedules? 

Speaker 0 05:13
Under import mapping rules, because that would just like, it would be intuitive to the onboarding process, right? You onboard someone's full fee schedule. So the CSV that they import. would just have those default prices so that the first time someone comes on, they don't have to hand key a full schedule. They could just import it. That's my thought. And then in here, I'm wondering if there's a world where we should have an option to, it populates the default schedule. 

Speaker 1 05:54
The default schedule populates in here like quickbooks instead of adding each cpt code and test so and then you can in the price schedule can you repeat that again it populates what in the price schedule the. 

Speaker 0 06:09
Default yep so let's say in import mapping rules i have cmp set up for five dollars when you go to open and create a price schedule all the items will be here you can scroll through them. all already set to default. 

Speaker 1 06:25
Got it. 

Speaker 0 06:26
And then you can come in and fix each price because in the lab space, what they tend to do is they tend to contract with a clinic for maybe 12 tests and then everything else defaults to their default testing. So they only negotiate the tests that they think the clinic's going to order. And if clinic orders anything outside of that purview, what it'll say is we default to our default schedule outside of these tests. So my thought process would be then, because the other thing you could have happen is if someone only added five items to this pricing schedule, but this is the schedule for a clinic, yet they upload a CPT code outside of the schedule, what is the system going to reference? So that way we bypass having to have any of those concerns. Every CPT code will be on the schedule and you can just edit them from there. 

Speaker 2 07:22
Got it yep and they would only be able to have one default uh pricing schedule or would they would it be like a clinic client like level or the they could the lab would only have one default correct and. 

Speaker 0 07:40
Then each clinic or each parent and and sub accounts you could go in and create sub ones but i would say one default across that's kind of my thought process there okay um okay let's go back to clinics and facilities and we'll take another peek at this oh my baby's mad right now he didn't get to nap long enough this morning okay hey don't be so angry life's pretty easy okay um let's look at this so we would have the clinics clients parent accounts and clinics here okay and then like adding a parent account that you just come in here and you could add sub accounts i i mean in general i think this is good like so is the thought process that every single that this is the parent account and these are the sub or flip these are the sub accounts at the top and the parent accounts exist that is that the thought processor K. so you would have a list of all of your clinics and then underneath them they would have parent accounts yeah and then the drop down you can drop down those parent accounts to like sub accounts too okay to. 

Speaker 2 09:07
See who else is located in it yeah so that's like kind of like a three-tier system is that how it would need or would it need to be like a two-tier system well i mean more intuitive to me. 

Speaker 0 09:21
Is that every account's listed. And then if it has a parent, because this is settings. Okay, so every account's listed. And then if it has a parent, you would just assign that one parent account. Yeah, I don't think the parent account, you would need to open and upload any other sub accounts underneath that. I think the only editing would be on the each account, you could just drop to a parent account underneath it. Some aren't going to have parent accounts at all. So to just manage that system, I would think you just need the one parent account. 

Speaker 2 09:58
But. 

Speaker 0 09:59
I mean, in the future, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if someone came up with something crazy for me. But usually in like all the labs I work with, there's just one parent. 

Speaker 2 10:15
So you would basically you would be just adding clinics and then you can assign a parent account. If it is needed, not necessarily all the time. So it's not a requirement. 

Speaker 0 10:29
Right, because not every grouping has a parent, like only long-term care facilities or behavioral health groupings. Those things would have parent accounts. They're owned by the same corporate facility. But you have onesies, twosies all the time that don't have any affiliation. A sales rep walked into an OBGYN center, it's independently owned. That one doesn't add all to it. Yep. Okay. But I like this. Price schedules. Let me think here. Start date, end date, items. So the only thing, yeah, I would say I think that you would have everything on every single one. So you wouldn't have individual items. 

Speaker 1 11:18
Can you expound on that a bit? 

Speaker 0 11:20
Yeah. So if there is a CPT code. okay this is my only concern i like the individual items but my concern would be someone would upload something outside of those items so our options are either all the all of the import mapping rules cpt codes are on every fee schedule so they wouldn't be able to have onesie twosies so it would always have something to reference or internal coding it would say if something does not exist on here reference the default just to keep this clean and maybe that's the better answer Yeah, so do you know? i go back so i like what you guys are doing here um make it so that they can add individual so you're creating a pricing schedule you can add from a drop down so it has to exist in the import mapping rules um you can add a cpt test code and then um from there let's say you add five if you do an upload and it's not one of the five items then it would default this table the import mapping rules table and we'll just have to make sure accountants know that pretty quickly so that they know if they do an upload outside of those five like what exactly is okay i feel good about these these are awesome input code output so then the only thing would be default price input output default price okay. 

Speaker 2 12:51
I know on QuickBooks, you had the default price, then you had the ability to set a new price. Would that be on this, or is that needed? 

Speaker 0 13:04
No, I'm fine with how it looks here. The only other thing that we may be missing in all of this is units. I didn't even put... did i put units on the initial table let's go back over here we didn't we would need to add a column for units um and just the import itself and then you could have a display for units i don't think there would ever be a default unit but you would have a display The reason for that would be mileage and things like that. So if a nurse traveled 12 miles, you'd want 12 units of one mile, whatever your one mile charge is. 

Speaker 2 13:56
Okay. 

Speaker 0 13:58
But that would be on the invoice itself. So we need to add a column to the invoice and import for units. Nine times out of 10, it's going to be one. But there's that one time out of 10 where the units will be different. I maybe just fell asleep on my shoulder, so we're going to do the meeting like this. Users and permissions, that's the same. Okay, cool. Well, no, this is awesome. I'm stoked about this. It's good to see it come to life. 

Speaker 1 14:35
Again, this is really just a rough draft. We did cover quite a bit yesterday, so there's still other parts that we're working on. 

Speaker 0 14:44
Perfect. 

Speaker 1 14:45
Like, literally. in the process of putting that together now. 

Speaker 0 14:51
Yeah, we could talk about the importing rules if we want to continue to talk about that, like units, things that have to be available on the import. I think the hardest piece of logic, and this is the piece that no accounting system has, is the ability to ban double uploads. So we had talked about this last time. 

Speaker 4 15:13
Yep. 

Speaker 0 15:14
That once you have engaged in the initial invoice for an accession number CPT code, that combination should never be able to occur again. The system would flag it and you would have to do a push. So it would have to populate like an... error whether that's a pop-up or just the screen has an additional addendum on the bottom of it it would have to populate an error for a push yep can't move forward um yep and so that would exist on the accession number cpt code level or we could do because accession numbers could be anything so you would have to account for a lot of accession numbers we could do date of service because that could be one thing date of service cpt code so that way the coding can't get broken by people having weird accession numbers in the system not knowing how to look or locate those uh is. 

Speaker 1 16:16
That the way that we would want to go with this for sure i'm up. 

Speaker 0 16:21
For anything but i just know the end product needs to ensure that it doesn't duplicate okay because what happens and what could happen in billing someone could invoice an account it goes out it gets invoiced something happens with that account someone sets it to re-invoice you don't want it to appear on next month's statement it already appeared on last month's statement There's no world where we would double invoice an account. without someone pushing it and being like, yes, like the default rule has to be that that can happen. And then they would have to manually approve for that to occur. Hey, this line already exists. Are you sure you would like to create this invoice? If, or would you like to proceed forward without duplicate lines? Essentially, I don't know how it's easiest for you, Max and remain to reference. What creates a duplicate line? Because my thought process is an accession number can be anything that's set by the lab. It could be 11002-4-7. Can your system look that up? Or it could be ABCBA1234567. It could be anything. Anything can be an accession number. 

Speaker 2 17:39
We can most likely build into that input, whatever. It will be called, I'm guessing all, it's a universal term to say a session number? 

Speaker 0 17:51
Yes, it's universal in the lab space, yeah. 

Speaker 2 17:53
Okay, so if they have to put in a session number, it needs to reference that history of stored session numbers within the system that will reference if that session number has been used previously. 

Speaker 0 18:14
And it would be accession number CPT code. So does that CPT code exist under that accession number historic in the system? 

Speaker 2 18:27
Yep. Yep. And they would just have to be very on top of their accession numbers, which I'm sure they are, because I'm guessing this is a governed, like. 

Speaker 0 18:37
Yeah, the accession number is, yes. Yep, it's part of the chain of custody. It's required by laboratories when they accession in a sample that a chain of custody begins, and that exists underneath the accession number. So every lab has an accession number. There's not going to be a situation in which we have samples being performed without an accession number. It's required by C. Perfect. So there will always be an accession number, but the lab and the LIS sets up what that accession number is, like how it's developed. 

Speaker 2 19:08
Got it. So yeah, it would have to reference all of their history of accession numbers for that account and the CPT associated with, well, CPTs associated with that accession number. And if it has already been processed under that accession number with that CPT, then it should flag and not build again. 

Speaker 0 19:31
Yeah, exactly. And there would never be a duplicate accession number underneath a laboratory. Like that's the other part of accession numbers. So you wouldn't even have to be specific to looking underneath that clinic. Just for that lab, does that accession number exist anywhere else? There would never be a duplicate accession number. Part of chain of custody is that every accession number for every sample that hits a lab has to be unique. They typically just count up, right? Like sample one, two, three, four, and they keep going on for eternity. 

Speaker 1 20:06
Makes sense. 

Speaker 0 20:08
Okay. So that would be one of the import rules. The other import rule we should discuss is on the import file itself, the clinic name and the client name would have to be exact. So that would be the only other thing is just ensuring their exact matches. The other option would be that in here, underneath the clinic, you could put a sequence number that it would reference. My only concern is, are clinic names going to cause you trouble if they have special characters like commas on an import? Are they going to cause us trouble? 

Speaker 1 20:53
That actually can if you don't code it right. So I'm glad you mentioned that. But you can URI encode and just, in other words, convert any type of symbols that would create issues to other symbols and then reconvert it when it's time to display it. 

Speaker 0 21:15
Understood. Gotcha. Yeah, that's my only concern because there would be, I have tons with symbols in them. For instance, there might be like Maxwell Wellness. Williston, North Dakota, Maxwell Wellness, Minot, North Dakota, because there's two Maxwell Wellness locations and their name has the city in it. So I could see that being a problem on a CSV for sure. But yeah, that's my only thing. 

Speaker 2 21:43
Would it be auto-assigned sequence numbers or something you would mainly put in? 

Speaker 0 21:50
Probably manually put in, so whatever their sequence ID is in their filling system or in their LIS would be the number that they're pulling. It'd be just sort of general reference. I don't know, if you guys feel like you can do clinics, then we can just put in the rule, the clinic has to be word-for-word, character-to-character, a match. 

Speaker 1 22:13
Yeah, we could do whatever. 

Speaker 0 22:16
Yeah. 

Speaker 1 22:17
We can do it as long as we... discuss it in full um and in depth which which you're great at so as long as we get the uh the the details and it's clear from you know its inception then the development part is just kind of figuring out where to put you know all the pieces to make it work together so um so yeah and what we'll we'll do is we'll do word for word match for match clinic. 

Speaker 0 22:48
We need it to be able to kick out failures though. So if for some reason, Rhiannon goes in and changes the clinic name in CMD and it no longer maps on the, on the manual creation, that's fine because when she goes to create an invoice, there won't, the client won't exist, right? The sub account won't exist or whatever. 

Speaker 1 23:11
We're working on, we're working on adding some mock data in there as we speak. 

Speaker 0 23:14
Perfect. 

Speaker 1 23:15
Yeah. 

Speaker 0 23:16
Um, When you go to do the data import, though, is my concern. Like, how are we displaying problems back? So if we're shooting for the stars here, let's have it reference the clinic name. So that way we don't have another layer that we're trying to map. The more we map, the more places this can break. This will break, but it's a predictable break. If the clinic name changes, we can tell people, we can tell accountants, you change the name, you're no longer mapped out perfect, key for key. And so whenever a file drops in here, what we need to discuss then is going to be the failures. So, and the order that the failures occur in and how those failures appear. So what we could do, one of two things, I suppose, and you guys tell me what's better in your mind, or I guess I go sky's the limit here. Does it spit out a file back of failed accounts with a reason why? So you get an Excel back, it downloads, and it says all these accounts failed and there's a failure reason next to them. Or is it internalized? 

Speaker 1 24:27
You could have an Excel spit back out or you could do it in what's called a pop-up modal where it's like, so sorry, just one second. 

Speaker 4 24:37
You're good. 

Speaker 1 24:40
Okay. You could do a pop-up modal. You could do Excel comparison where it spits out a CSV. You could do a I mean, what do you Can you, yeah, just if you could just explain it and like a, from like, I guess like a user story type of. Yeah. I'm so sorry. Give me a minute. My wife keeps calling me. Sorry. 

Speaker 0 25:16
Jermaine, interface queue from CMD. That's what I'm thinking. 

Speaker 2 25:20
Yeah. When you. Same thing. When you upload. HL7s and it tells you. the output of what went wrong and what went right. Right. If it failed, the reason why it failed. 

Speaker 0 25:35
And we could do an automatic deletion after 30 days. So this queue doesn't have to be long-term storage. So if they don't go in and delete it or process it or push it through or fix it. course i don't have any interface errors right now um um jermaine and i were just chatting so in cmd there's a queue called interface errors they're all resolved right now um but yeah let's go it's only when you don't want the errors that they're there exactly date received all is it gonna let me no it's it's too large let's do this here last 90 days sure so this one only stores to 90 days too germaine so i was thinking i was thinking if we could have a screen so you do your upload it'll list all the failed accounts so if it goes through great not a problem if it goes through perfect if it doesn't go through it just goes into a queue essentially and it has just like an excel file would and the accession number and the failed So it would say ABCDEFG failed because clinic name does not exist. Failed because CPT code does not exist. Failed because, you know, whatever. So like this kind of queue, but it would just give you, we wouldn't need like a dropdown like this. It could just have a column with the accession number and then the reason that it failed and that's it. Yeah. And then we could also put duplicate accession exists and then have the ability to check them and for just the duplicate accession ones and say push through anyways, like manual override push through just for the ones that have like warning duplicate and then have just like a sub field underneath that that says, do you want to push this through anyways? so someone can go through and push those but they're also just categorized as a failure and then delete after i don't know 30 days is fine with me like you don't need to hold on to an interface error for that long or an upload error for two you can just go ahead and say like it built into the queue that they only exist for 30 days so that way we're not providing another place for restoring data because a failure doesn't need stored forever we're only storing successes so like in in the invoicing system in and of itself you'd have invoices import data and then a button or like a sub venue here that just says import failures and you can select that a queue would appear here it would have the accession number the failure reason and then down here you could have like a sub menu that only appears on the ones that are failed for failed for duplicate accession duplicate cpt code a button at the end that says push through oh. 

Speaker 2 29:06
So if it did fail you have to check it push through those failures basically anyways. 

Speaker 0 29:17
For just the ones that are the duplicate accession number, duplicate CPT. Otherwise it would develop, I guess we could have a push through on everything. And what it would do is it would develop an invoice without a clinic listed. And then there would be an incomplete invoice, like a saved complete invoice that doesn't have a clinic. Yeah. 

Speaker 2 29:38
That's what CMD does. If it doesn't have like the clinic or... This, the PPT, it will warn you, but it will still create the claim. 

Speaker 0 29:50
Okay. Yeah, we can do a push through on everything then, but. I don't know, I feel like we're giving people permission to make a message. 

Speaker 2 29:58
Yeah, to make a... Hey. 

Speaker 0 29:59
I just have permission to create an invoice without a clinic listed in the system. So you're gonna have a... A system? Yeah, so I'm thinking that you only offer the push-through if it's a duplicate accession, duplicate CPT. And maybe we queue it off into two separate queues, so failures, unfixable, failures, fixable. You can open up the failures, fixable. and those are just going to let you push things through that were duplicates so a duplicate accession queue and then so like up here you would have two tabs one you could click to see just everything that's failed for missing mapping information and then the second one would just be everything that's failed for duplicate accession duplicates that one would have like us uh checkbox so you could check the top box and click approval or you could go through check the individual ones and approve them through. and that kind of queue system exists in truemed actually so let's open true so there's multiple tabs here i think it looks ugly but there's multiple tabs here so you could have like failed for this reason for that reason and then you have the ability to select and send all or you can d and send just those three you know that's my thought process um okay and then the only thing we were missing is the units i'm glad we talked about that on the on the info on um on this so it would say claim sample reference number data collection charge name test charge units patient first name patient last name data birth display note yep okay and we talked about how all of those will appear in here. So we need to talk about then for the mapping of the clinics, their default. So obviously we're going to have default emails, default addresses. How much do you guys know about PCI compliance? This is the compliance for credit cards, or do you guys just default that your Stripe takes care of all of that? 

Speaker 1 32:27
Yeah. Stripe takes care of that. 

Speaker 0 32:29
Okay. Okay, cool. Because does Stripe have the ability, because you guys utilize Stripe, so tell me if you just don't know. Does Stripe have the ability to retain a card on file for monthly processing? 

Speaker 1 32:46
Yeah, absolutely. 

Speaker 0 32:47
Okay. Save a payment method. 

Speaker 1 32:49
It has the easiest way to do that ever. It actually uses, I don't know if it's a subsidiary company of theirs, but it's... there's another company called Blink. What that company does is it literally just stores data and then it works with Stripe to whatever the payment card that's being used is. Whenever it notices your IP or if it'll plant a cookie in your cache and then if it notices that you're back on a purchase page or a payment page, it will then say, oh hey, want to just pay the like a literal button that you click yeah like it knows who you are now it's it's some people may not want to do all that of course but it's super easy in the event that you don't want to it's just very intuitive and um yeah and it's really nice uh stripe has just an excellent UI. There are a million different payment gateways out there. 

Speaker 0 34:03
Yeah, I mean, I am okay with integrating with Stripe. We'll just have to tell our clients that this uses Stripe. I mean, that's how we'll... And then they'll have to integrate with Stripe if that's the best option. And then if we need to offer multiple payment gateways in the future, we do. GPI is what... Global Payment Integrity is what's automatically utilized with LibraryMD for patient payments. but gpi gpi a little bit global payments but we can discuss that's that's jumbling i'm fine with setting it up to just use one payment processor and we can kind of it's global payments what now internet integrity i believe gpi hard processor global payments processing oh global payments integrated not integrated there you go this is who they utilize that cmd so all of my cmd clients are set up with this already but i'm not opposed to setting them up with a stripe as well i want to make the best version of the thing so it's super seamless and easy for the clients to pay i want it to be as few barriers to payment as possible. So balance. OK, so then the other thing we need to map is the invoice information. So inside of each client in the settings, you would have to have the ability to add a default for some of these invoicing items. So we would have to have a default that exists in the system. Thank you for your services. Please find attached charges listed for blank, blank, blank, blank. Right. But then being able to set it up for invoice type client and facility. So we need to have a system where we can create probably a tab. that we create all of the defaults under a customer probably invoice parameters right like it would show logo those kinds of things and then underneath each client they could check a box to override and then it would be for these specific so underneath the invoice parameters there would be a section for content custom message and that has to be mapped to the invoice type So when we set up our invoice types, we have stiff hospice, impatient client bill and balance. Let's say each custom message you would have set up for the invoice type. Because what this custom message is going to do is it's going to give instructions to let them know why they received the invoice. Hey, you received this invoice because of sniff arrangements. Hey, you received this invoice because of hospice arrangements. 

Speaker 1 37:23
Yep. 

Speaker 0 37:25
Okay and then payment information would be just set per client this would just give an explanation if for some reason they don't go full integration so let's say they don't actually want to pay with the card they want to pay with check like this would have the information on where to send a check let's say they want to set up ahc straight to the bank and bypass the portal they can do those things but what they have to know is until the check is received and accounting has been post which we've talked about posting um that it will show us due in here until that is someone has manually went in received the check posted the check and then closed okay okay import mapping that makes sense clients are going to have to match letter for letter let's make sure there's nothing else charge testing that would produce a produce an error as well. So if they put in a charge test name that doesn't exist, that would just need to punch out an error as well. Payment first, last date of birth, no errors would occur there. Display note. The only thing I could think that happened all the time in RICS LIS at Agility is people would use characters that weren't eligible for a note to exist. So someone would ampere, like the ampersand sign in his system. 

Speaker 2 38:50
Would it be able to display that so that's the only thing i can think of is the display note needs to be able to display whatever's typed in that field yeah depending on what coding language is uses it uh that's different ones have a different symbol to indicate like variable information some are percentage signs ampersands um pipes like every different language has its own. 

Speaker 0 39:20
Like escape okay so we would definitely need to make sure that it can have parentheses ampersands like all of those things so that the display notes doesn't fail because that's a silly reason to be like hey sorry you didn't get half of the message because there was a comma in it or whatever and we had that happen in rick's system okay okay okay we actually talked about this so we don't need this client requirements okay so this is at the lab level then okay so client is the lab here so we would have to be able to you know put in the lab name the address of the lab this is all in those invoice defaults as well set up client users which we talked about that's going to happen in user management level payment information the parent overseeing the clients underneath them or would that be um each clinic will reference their client the client is the lab so this would be the ability for a lab user to log in under users and permissions this is what we kind of talked about yesterday and they would be able to see their lab on view only access with downloadable access that's what a lab would be able to do that's just their management of that and then payment remit information display box that's at the bottom of the invoice invoice display box by invoice type we talked about that that's just the instructions at the top contact information for invoice we just need fields so that these populate on the invoice phone email fax so if they change their phone number for some reason any invoice is produced moving forward that new phone number would be updated on invoice dream thing logo for invoice and coloring for invoice i do you guys want me to re-show you that ui and collaborate md no. 

Speaker 2 41:37
I remember what it was and we pretty much built that out i know you wanted to have the ability to basically make it custom, put a logo, change the coloring to fit. Yeah, the background text, things like that. Yeah, that's fine. 

Speaker 0 41:54
Okay. 

Speaker 2 41:56
Build on it. 

Speaker 0 41:57
I have a thought here. And you guys let me know your thought. And just hit me. Would there be a world where we could build an external facing UI that requires the invoice number to be punched in and all they can do is issue a payment from there? So if someone came in and they didn't have a user login, so an accountant was at Maxwell Wellness was handed this and they just want to pay it and they aren't set up with a full integration. They could punch in that invoice number, verified that it's the invoice that they want to pay. They would see no patient data. All it would say is pay now or enroll in system. or give them a notification. In order to edit disputes or do any of these things, please contact your administrator to be set up. 

Speaker 1 42:52
Yep. 

Speaker 0 42:53
Okay. 

Speaker 1 42:53
Yeah, you could have a simple, easy... In fact, I love that. I'm a big fan of making it like... The easier it is to do something, the better. You don't need to... At least off the top of my head, I don't think that you would need... 

Speaker 0 43:14
To worry about somebody paying your bill or you know right payment system works right now my patient payment system someone can input the account number and the patient's date of birth and then they get to just pay it yeah yeah because there's no information. 

Speaker 1 43:30
Other than pricing and you know a gateway link to pay right. 

Speaker 0 43:37
And they would already have the invoice in front of them. So they'd already have the patient information and such. It would just be a way to make sure that no one, because I think cybersecurity, like if someone attacked our system and started inputting random invoice numbers until they guessed so that they could access patient information would be my only concern is a cybersecurity attack. So as long as it doesn't display patient information. 

Speaker 1 44:00
No, it won't. 

Speaker 0 44:02
All it would have is a price. 

Speaker 2 44:04
And then you want to pay or not. I don't know. 

Speaker 0 44:07
Be very disappointed yeah hey come in and pay this please yeah well and so that way it's it's pretty secure and then otherwise it would just let them know like please contact your lab administrator to be set up if you would like to dispute set up payment plan anything like do do other things partially pay the invoice that would have to because the only way to partially pay would be that they would have to turn on and off individual lines that they're paying which then they would have to have patient and test information to do. So those partial payments. Okay, cool. Okay, going through here, invoice type, example field, and then this would be populated. 

Speaker 2 44:47
I'm really at a hard stop. I just want to throw that out there. 

Speaker 0 44:51
I do. Are we doing this again next week? 

Speaker 1 44:56
Oh, we would love to. Yeah, we would love to do this as much as possible, because we're going to need to like really get into the nitty gritty details like we are. 

Speaker 0 45:07
Next time, or same times I can do again. I have those open. 

Speaker 1 45:11
Perfect. All right, perfect. So we'll leave this as a weekly scrum meeting until we're like, until we're really at that point where we, you know, we're... we're very clear, like we're all on the same page and we feel like we've covered as much ground as we can at that point. Um, and then we'll just continue developing and, you know, we'll keep working on the stuff. There's definitely some stuff that we can keep work on, uh, keep working on since our, well, our both conversations this week. So that'll keep us going until then. Um, yeah, I think that's great. 

Speaker 0 45:45
Yeah. 

Speaker 2 45:47
And it's just the, uh, of course the HL seven information for CSB. 

Speaker 0 45:53
Yes, I ran into a problem with that on some mapping on some of the providers because some of the providers don't exist in CMD and do exist in this old file. So I have to go through the old file and add all those providers in order to get the sequence ID. So I am working that for you. I just ran into a problem when I was uploading all the sequence IDs. I did my VLOOKUP and a ton of clinics have a sequence ID to map to, unfortunately. So I'm working on that for you. Oh, that's fine. All right. 

Speaker 2 46:17
Just throwing that out there. And yeah, we want to. Really devote pretty much as much time as we can to this. I don't know what's going on as far as like the back end. I know you said some things when it comes to actually the invoicing, but we definitely want to get started on this kind of devoted time as possible. Yeah. Right now we're throwing things at it, but we want to throw like real efforts, real time and development into it. 

Speaker 0 46:51
Perfect we'll come back around to the appeal bot too jermaine to make sure that works after this is done we can get that turned on for pcl get that going um and then because that's already built i just want to make sure it gets utilized as soon as we turn on your guys's processing and everything like that get going um and then i meet today with the ownership to discuss the next bot getting that turned on so right now we're selling that pgx product so we need to the lab that wants to do 500 a day tara can only do 100 a day right now as a single person her bandwidth's already met by her current labs so i'm hiring three temp workers once the contract's been paid to give me we may be able to look into that as a bot opportunity i don't know the process but if. 

Speaker 2 47:42
Um it's teachable then most likely it's automatable if it is. 

Speaker 0 47:49
Yeah, we'd want to utilize it as one of our bots, one of our environments as a bot. Long term, though, it needs to be software. It needs to be software that has the ability for an API call on it. 

Speaker 4 48:03
Yeah. 

Speaker 0 48:04
I'll go into five minutes of explanation really quick to let your guys' brains start thinking. Because I had a company reach out to me that has an AI. This AI overlays on top of clinics. EMRs to trigger lab orders. Hey, this patient had these things happen this day. The AI says these labs should potentially be ordered. The patient had these ICD codes on this day. These are the labs a provider should be ordered. It's an overlay that goes on top of any EMR. The provider just scrolls through the record. The AI reads the record and develops out what should potentially be ordered. It creates a stop point for providers to create orders. He wants to fully integrate with us so that VOBs happen live. So a provider that's scrubbed and then it places a call onto our system and then it processes and it spits back out. Yes, this patient's eligible for these services. No, they're not. Or see insurance, you know, see whatever the problem is. Yeah, so that's something he's working on and he wants to do with us. I told him we're not there. That gives me some time. But just so you guys can start thinking long term. 

Speaker 2 49:24
I mean, that's part of it. I mean, really, there's the prompt that's just probably sending the API. I call to a modal or an attachment, an extension plugin that he added to whatever website or something that I can use. Which is really the prompt is the gold of that. And comes to him creating. 

Speaker 0 49:51
Guys, I've had a double patient call here. Give me a second. Thank you. Okay, sorry, gentlemen. I've been having such a disaster with patient payments. My patient payment portal is too long, and so patients are calling me to try to give me payments. Okay. Anyways, speaking of payments, yes, so I do have a hard stop. I'm going to jump. I have to prep for my next meeting that's in 19 minutes, and it's a big one. It's with all the owners. 

Speaker 2 54:39
I just wanted to ask really quickly, when it comes to project, I know you said about the... bot once the bot test the bot it's good to go we're moving forward but as far as invoicing project For us, that would be part of the bot product, right? Yes. 

Speaker 0 55:04
The one bot, one environment until we start talking the SaaS, which is the 30,000, which all the partners are in agreement on for doing the full management platform, everything like that, making sellable payable. And that's the 30,000 that you guys had quoted me. Let me know if that changes as we go along and it gets complex. Yeah. 

Speaker 1 55:22
It wouldn't be as much if you're using... that as a bot environment at least like for the first year so we could prorate whatever the difference is we'll come to you know new terms on it and we'll figure it out um yeah kind of as no sorry continue no no no i was i was done i was just saying we'll figure it out as we go um but but yeah um as far as like with the development and stuff um i know you said you're meeting with the owners do you when i know in one of the previous meetings we were talking about like getting like the actual um the invoicing started with these bot environments um do you have like an idea as to when. 

Speaker 0 56:11
Uh that told me if i can get this contract signed that he'll turn it on tomorrow um so it's all about getting daniel to pay this or to sign on this contract um the other piece too is if the when we get the pcl hl7 crossover in that's worth 1.2 million so that piece is the other piece that would fund this either one crossing the finish line you're funded so if i can get daniel to sign this contract you guys will start being paid i mean andrew's words were because he's my he's my funding andrew's words were i will pay for at the moment you have a contract in hand from daniel with the labs in florida um The other piece is just getting this AR for the HL7 crossover in. Once that's in and we can start setting things assigned to bot to be worked, because right now the only bot we have available is the appeals bot, and that bot would be working on those HL7 accounts that are sitting not in CMD. So if we turned on, those can't even be worked. So that is kind of what we're looking at right now as far as pipeline on payment. So let me talk to Andrew today. I can, you know, try to get you the funding secured so we can start our month-to-month contract. Andrew just wants to make sure that the work is there to be done. So, like, with the appeals, he wants to make sure that's in there. Otherwise, he's saying, if you can secure this contract with Daniel, he'll fund everything so that we could start working on putting together the PGX VOB bot so that the bot could help. Otherwise, his options are... 

Speaker 1 57:49
Hire a bunch of people to do daniel's contract or hire a couple temp workers and pay you guys out to do the contract so that's kind of where we're sitting right now as far as funding i appreciate the transparency you're you're always you know you're you're good you know you just you. 

Speaker 0 58:06
Guys have been giving me a lot of you know free work cheap work all that just like even the hl7 you guys only having five thousand dollars that you've done a ton of work on that and i know you're waiting on me so i will make sure that that this is the finish line as well we appreciate it no you got a lot to do on there signing some contracts let's work let's keep moving i mean we like working with you and we want to definitely see all of this come into fruition so yeah and i hope that it's like a pie that we all can take a slice of right like if you guys long term like if i secure so that the ai is called pgx ally if i can secure the agreement with them to do or sorry it's called um pgx ally and the second part is called xy gene if i can secure the contracts with them and get things going if you guys want to i'll say this to you all i won't say this to my business partners so you guys start thinking if you guys wanted to say like hey and we charge 50 an API call. or we charge a dollar an api call between these two systems there would be a place where you guys wouldn't just get the money from us but you could take a slice of a greater pie because like right now x y gene takes 250 off of every call from pgx ally back and forth and so like if you guys want to talk financially in the long run saying like hey because i really think you guys have invested so much in me and you guys believe in what we're doing here like if you guys wanted to have an internal discussion about like hey we set up the software with this api call how do we want to get paid on that api call for the long term so that you guys are getting paid by us you know monthly we paid for the software whatever but do you guys want you know a transactional piece of that pie so that that way you guys are taken care of in the long run and you're diversified a little bit it's not like hey we're waiting on ashley to pay for another project so that we're going like you have some pipeline on on the inside of just like continuous stream of revenue and then if that thing grows let's say you get a thousand calls a day you know like what does that look like internally for you guys to pay for those api calls as well as profit on those api calls so yeah. 

Speaker 1 1:00:23
Yeah yeah for sure um look we're definitely open to like you know sharing pies we love pie and and i feel like um you know We just want to like help and push, you know, to, to, to get to that level, like where we're really, you know, able to, to, to really have those conversations. And so, you know, and, and yes, we, we, we do have a, have a lot invested and we want to see, we will see this through. And so we just want to kind of reiterate that, you know, that's our, our commitment is that, you know, we, um, we believe in you. We, we know. like we really feel like any second now, like, are you like beating on the door? The floodgates are going to open. And we really want to continue, you know, working with you and, and everything else that is to come. We just want to, you know, keep, I guess like, you know, keep that, keep that flow going, you know? 

Speaker 0 1:01:28
Yeah. No, Andrew had brought up, he's like, Oh, I had a API or no, I had a bot company reach out to me. Do you want to meet with them? And I was like, no. Like, I can't do that to our guys. Like, we're going here. Like, we got things going. We have to keep going. So just so you guys know, like, I'm committed to you all. Like, you guys have put so much in that, trust me, I get the emails of, like, hey, we'll do your coding. We'll do your stuff real. But I'm committed to you all as well. Like, I want you guys to thrive. I mean, it's been a year now almost, like, since I messaged Jermaine and I was like, hey, what's going on over there? I need some help. So I appreciate you guys just, like. just know that that's like not unseen that you guys have put in a ton of work and then paid five thousand dollars and that has to be incredibly painful because you guys are feeding your families and doing your stuff as well so i will make sure on my side that this contract crosses the finish line and then we'll keep talking like we'll keep building out the software we'll keep doing the different pieces and i'll make sure that all that business floods to you all and not to a different developer through all this until you guys tell me you can't do something at all and i'll deal with it and i'll i'll probably have to bring on an i.t company just for cyber security and computers and stuff i know you guys want to do all that so you know i'll bring in some other pieces yeah um and and we'll kind of go from there but yeah just so you know i'll stream all of my business to you all and then i don't know if you guys are you'll have to let me know your bandwidth i have a bunch of people asking who i'm automating with my automators constantly but I don't know if you guys have the bandwidth to take on. 

Speaker 1 1:02:59
A lab two labs three that's why we're also asked because like we have like other like things in the air that we're just really looking to like go where like the need is so like you know so like we wanna we wanna just make sure that uh you know we're just moving accordingly and doing our diligence like the way that we should as a business of course and at the end of the day you know just we want to just provide you know value and and we know that like you know with that like the the products like they sell themselves like this is extremely you know like business automation and and ai automation is like a it's it's the future and we just we you know uh we're excited we're excited you know um we want to just you know to continue to develop our skills and build you know as a company and and um i feel like that's what we're doing and um so yeah we just want to make sure that you know um really really just like just to make sure we're on the same page you know yeah yeah. 

Speaker 0 1:04:14
I want to get you guys paid so i i will work on that diligently on my side um no doubt about that and then i guess you don't have to have an answer right now Do you guys have the bandwidth for additional clients? Do you have the bandwidth to take on if I was to send a lab your way? And they were like, hey, we want to automate this ordering process. Is that something you guys have bandwidth-wise? Or is that something you guys may not have right now? 

Speaker 1 1:04:42
Well, I mean, really, it depends. We're talking bot automation? 

Speaker 0 1:04:47
Yes. 

Speaker 1 1:04:49
Yeah yeah yeah we got we have the bandwidth for sure we have bandwidth yeah software development's a little different automation yeah we can oh yeah that's our jam like we don't like i was look when jermaine i know i i know we have a hard stop here but when jermaine was like saying like hey you know like we have our own way of doing it he was really underselling and underplaying like what we do and how we do it like we have like relentlessly like we've literally like moved into this office like this is our lives this is what we do we constantly refine define and processes yeah that like that like work you know like we don't have you know like we we don't have kids like we are this is our kid this is our baby yeah this is what we're in on and we're constantly like streamlining and like building ways to effectively like have the bandwidth to like supply and build and like gain more clients and stuff like that. So like we're, like I said, we are very excited. We're very passionate about this. This is our, our, our, our baby, you know? So, so we are ready whenever you want to. 

Speaker 0 1:05:57
I have labs that are interested. I just didn't know your guys' bandwidth. Cause I know you guys have been working on the construction company software and all of that kind of stuff. But if you guys have the bandwidth for some bots, I have, I'll start slipping you guys into every sales call I have. labs about the automation component i have a couple labs in mind um like uh pcl just had or pls just had all of their employees and now they're having to restaff everything and i think it's a great time to engage with them on automating some of those processes so i'll actually bring that up to them today and talk about automation and the things that their sessioners are doing that potentially they don't have to worry about like an all-staff lockout again um and those kinds of of things so I'll start slipping you guys into every conversation because I sell a couple other groups as well. So like when I'm in these calls, I'm like, hey, are you guys needing supplies? This is a supplier. Are you guys needing this? This is a person. So then we can start talking about the automation. I'll start sending them your way. And then you guys, I'll just rely on you guys to communicate to me about your bandwidth because I don't want to send people over to you and then have them just like out and floating because you guys are busy. and then I'll stop slipping it into calls. So that way I'm not driving business that you guys can't even absorb. So we'll definitely let you know. 

Speaker 1 1:07:15
I know you have to jump off. Thank you so much. Yeah. 

Speaker 0 1:07:19
Thank you guys. Okay, I'll talk to you all later. Bye. 

