BUSINESS GROWTH ＆ WEB APP SCRUM


Date    2025-07-23

Speaker 0 00:00
Very busy and very busy. Which is good. It's good. We're trying to finish off this web app we've been developing for our client. Once we finish that, the developer team can actually start. We're kind of in charge of this particular portion because it needs to be so meticulously structured to interact with their ERM that we built. It's been a lot of alterations, back and forth, changing, reshaping, redoing, breaking and fixing. The process of these type of things. It's a pretty in-depth, even though it looks really simple, usually the simplest things are the most in-depth if you do them right. 

Speaker 1 00:55
Places you can break things. Yeah. 

Speaker 0 00:59
So the good thing about their web app is it allows them to have it. It's its own web page that the sales people are going to go out and do paint estimates with pressure cleaning. They do all types of different services. So that information, as they're filling it out, will be once complete, will create a contract based on. The scope of work. Yeah, the scope of work necessary. So if they did pressure cleaning, that has its own thing. If they did roof pressure cleaning, that has its own thing. Patio, driveway, fence, all of those have like their own criteria and their own scope of work that needs to be on that contract. 

Speaker 1 01:47
Yeah. 

Speaker 0 01:48
Then once that contract is generated, it goes through like a it's called a smart process automation, which will then go through a scope of. automated tasks so once the the contract is signed out signed it will come back but it still needs to preserve itself in that unsigned state so it's like so many different phases to take account for and then say for example they want to change the amount of houses if it's a commercial deal so they see they see the contract they don't get approval Now they want to change it from 26 houses to 13. 

Speaker 1 02:29
Okay. 

Speaker 0 02:30
Now you still have to be able to bring up that web app with all of the data to change that information. So it has to stay in like a constant storage that they can use. And this is literally like a small segment of what it is that it's capable of. 

Speaker 2 02:50
It's something that they bring up at the last minute and then you put it together. okay so you gotta really need yeah so you need like a repository to be able to store um you know like uh versions you know um branches of various types of contracts and it just becomes this whole okay so then with that what you're saying is that you need an additional platform for just to be able to do these things that you you know um are just now mentioning right like it's like very final yeah yeah yeah but that's how it that's how it is you know like and and and we get it you can't really cover as much as you kind of wish you could cover all bases at once from like the beginning it's like you know there are those things those last minute things or it's like you know but that's the thing like these are all last minute things. We'll all be home free soon enough and looking for whatever's next on the horizon. So we're looking forward to that and probably I'll get a vacation. Yeah. But just a brief one because we got to jump in and get shoe squared away. And we're excited for that too. So, you know, but, but yeah, like you said, a lot. 

Speaker 1 04:23
Going on but it's all moving and we're just kind of grooving with it security man yeah you'll have great security if the customer's constantly messing up yeah so who's who's the new who's the new guy there yes this is noah and he is three weeks old and i just got home from his doctor's appointment actually so he's he's a joy He's super fun. He's trying not to go to sleep right now. i'm trying to like fully swaddle him and make him go to bed and he's just like lifting his up trying so badly not to go to sleep so we'll see we'll see if i can get up during this meeting i have four more meetings today so we'll see how the day goes yeah i hate meetings um as much as like i love them and it's good to connect with my employees and my staff and all my clients and make sure everyone's connected and feeling connected and engaged my task list never it's done unless I work all night when everyone else is gone when I can actually like be productive and be properly left alone so you know all the joy in that but it's it's okay we're just working through a particularly like intense growing pain stage like if I could tell myself back in February like when things were getting slow and sales weren't connecting and stuff like Hey, just like you wait till June, July, August. Hey. 

Speaker 0 05:53
Just enjoy this time now. 

Speaker 1 05:57
Yeah, unfortunately. So we'll see what happens next. But we have a client that's potentially signing right now with just one individual product, the PGX product. And so Andrew said if we sign it, that he'll pay to turn on the bots tomorrow so we can start building the PGX VOB bot. I told him i've got to close the deal and this guy is slow he's like big talk in meetings and then trying to like connect with him via email or phone and it sounds like you know you go into meetings and everyone's like wow daniel we're surprised you're here you never show up for things so i think it's like who he is as a person but whenever i get him in meetings he's like yep get the contract over to me i'll get it to my attorney it's like we'll get it signed then i send it to him and i follow up and i follow up and then i'll see him in a meeting he's like hey why hasn't anything started yet and i'm like yeah yeah because i need money i need paid i need signatures i need yeah go into your email and click this link sign that and we'll get started right now exactly and then he'll be like oh yeah yeah let me get on it anyways so show me the product and show me this show me that so then i show them everything and then we classify so we'll see what happens i sent a follow-up email this morning and we'll see where things go it's like drinking from a fire hydrant right now though we have the work for a massive billing company and we're a small billing company so we're we're figuring things out yeah i mean good problem to have yeah we'll have 11 probably labs in the next 30 days in total instead of seven so So yeah, but we still are only 12 people. so we're 12 people doing 11 labs three of them are very large so get these bots these bots moving real quick when i say we're drinking from a fire hose i mean like everyone's on unlimited ot we're all always working we billed out five hundred thousand dollars yesterday and that's just a day for us over the last five million And. and then you have to do all the accounting for all of that and you can see my problem yeah no you go girl for sure it's great except for right now it requires people to like do the work to make the work happen and people have human errors and then there's parts of the process that are like getting skipped that shouldn't be for time's sake so you know just yes we know I had two ERAs come in yesterday that needed posted. I have one accountant. 

Speaker 3 08:53
So going great. 

Speaker 1 08:57
Going great. I'm trying to strike the balance of not growing too fast and getting out in front of myself while also growing fast enough to fund growth, as strange as that sounds. So, you know, I hired four people last month. I'll probably have to hire two more next month and then bots and then look at how we're sitting and then probably hiring and then if this PGX product takes off that's a whole other thing but I mean in full transparency the PGX product costs me to right now like to staff people to do it it costs me four dollars a sample and they pay fifty dollars a sample So this one lab is looking to do between 100 and 500 a day. So even on a bad day, I'm still turning around over 12,000 in profits on that one product. 

Speaker 2 09:55
That is a heck of a good account. 

Speaker 1 09:57
If I can get that. This is Daniel. This is the guy who like I'm here. Yeah. I can't wait to sign. We'll talk off my ear for an hour and then I can't. Yeah. Let's see what happens. This is echo labs. This is that biggest lab in Florida. That's yeah. 

Speaker 3 10:13
Yeah. 

Speaker 1 10:13
Yeah. They want us to take on their full RCM, but they do 2,500 blood patients a day. So I can't take them on right now. 

Speaker 3 10:23
Man. No, we'd have to. 

Speaker 1 10:24
Build a monster yeah it would it would probably be worth building the monster but i'm not there yet yeah like worth doubling our contract here in the next six years and doing 10 bots or six months and doing 10 bots and 10 environments and making sure everything's built out for these larger labs like this large lab in indianapolis they are they're doing like 500 samples a day right now and so and i only have three people working their account so it's it's intense it's probably going to be a big conversation for sure but this is that client that's on the medicare audit that i don't know if they're going to turn around and like they're a really high risk client that's the one that we're working with in miles right now and it's so intense and they always tell me they have no money so i'm always nervous that they won't pay me like. 

Speaker 0 11:22
Quit telling me you have no money tell me you have money money or just don't say anything about your money i'm like you owe me money right now and they're like we have no money i'm like okay. 

Speaker 1 11:41
I feel fine so we'll see how they keep going that's why i've been onboarding it's because they're so high risk that it's like i have to diversify some of my risk over here But yeah, it's been good. I have a sales rep out of Canada that works with one of the largest genetic software firms in the nation. That's international that has been selling me like nobody's business. It's just getting contracts like fully across the finish line has been a whole other thing. But anyways, yeah, so things have been good. You know, I'm glad you guys are staying busy, though. I've had so many people in the IT space recently be have been reaching out to me for work i'm like the only company i can recommend to work with is hiring so you know and if anything they're trying to just automate out your work so i'm getting i'm getting we're getting offers left and right for automation like i'm telling i get like i probably today i've got like two. 

Speaker 2 12:39
Uh linkedin you know offers from like just recruiters asking if uh if i want to you know automate some banking on the heart of paper. 

Speaker 1 12:51
This yeah interesting yeah i have a friend who developed an ai it's a really interesting um he developed a program that they fly drones around buildings and the drones the ai measures windows and runs formulas on estimates for windows for energy cost savings based off of the drone flight yep and yeah and he's like i'm looking for work ashley i'm like. 

Speaker 2 13:19
Good luck yeah those niche things are like hard you know to place i was a recruiter as well for eight years so it's just it's hard you know to find like those specific niche you know um positions because there's only so many of them around right well yeah i mean there's certain roles that are just like you know they're just bread and butter Like it's, it's very, they're hot, you know, um, they're just hot, you know, in general. And, um, you know, so you can always find, you know, clients that are willing to pay top dollar for, you know, like fairly decent people. Um, if you're in the right, you know, sector of it, like automation certainly is, is huge. Um, cybersecurity is huge. Um. 

Speaker 1 14:13
Right. 

Speaker 2 14:14
And And then you get into some different type of higher level positions and such. 

Speaker 1 14:24
Yeah. 

Speaker 2 14:25
But I will say one thing that I wanted to compliment you on is that you wear every... I know there's a lot of hats that you wear in the role that you are, even right now. being mom um you wear you wear everything like so well just like from a like you really like you really shine you really show yourself to be like you know a diamond you know um i've never you know really seen someone go and go like the way that you do and so to see like the fruits of your labor really start to like come forth like i'm for you and and um you know and and and as it should you know like we report oh like you know some glad things are crazy i'm glad things or, you know, you know, they're getting pulled all sorts of different directions and, you know, and I hope it continues, you know, to, to, you know, to be more of that and you continue to, you know, sharpen and hone and get better. And I know I'm confident that you will. So. 

Speaker 1 15:40
Yeah, Max, I needed a good recruiter about a year and a half ago before I started this. I navigated that field on my own. I got to, can you get, I mean, you were a recruiter, so you'll get this. And by the way, thank you so much for that. that was incredibly kind of you but i got to eighth and ninth round interviews with companies did you know companies do eight and nine round interviews because that's exactly how i'm trying uh three at the most well yeah i mean three three is a joke i mean come on what do you not know by like you know two it's either like come on i can understand okay you're winnowing like they had 350 applicants that were qualified so you're winnowing down right the last four rounds were only two of us yeah the last ones were only two of us what did you learn in interview seven versus interview eight yeah it's crazy already know about me and then they went with the other guy and they have the audacity to be like but we still want you so keep an eye out i was like i remember interviewing with this company ever again you know what happens the guy that they went with he ends up taking another job elsewhere it's just how it goes and i'm sure i told you guys this story so pardon me here but here's what happened they hired a guy named peter and peter reached out to me on linkedin peter didn't know that i was the other person in the interview i knew he was the other person to interview because he started the job right after the interviews with that title so he and i were the only two people going through the interview process right he reaches out to me and says hey None of their claims are paid. I need to bring in a third-party billing company to help do all of their AR and all of their prevention a year later. By the way, this guy, and I only know this because I was in the interview process, is paid at minimum $250,000 a year with the best health insurance with ownership sharing. You picked the right guy. Clearly, eight rounds of interviews got them to the right guy. The day I got the denial for this interview, though, my business partners called me and asked me if I wanted to start a business with them. So it all worked out. Yeah. 

Speaker 0 17:54
It would be amazing if you actually signed a contract with them. 

Speaker 1 18:00
I have their contract right now. Arterra AI is one of my clients. I do all of their credentialing and all of their consulting. 

Speaker 0 18:07
Yes. Incredible. 

Speaker 1 18:08
And it's funny because I've told Peter this several times now. I'm like, Peter, every time you ask me a question, I want you to know. I should have gotten it. the job all right i'm fine i'm gonna make more money in the long run it's all good yeah but just so you know you remember thank you and it's all in good time it's just so funny to me that like this job it was honestly my dream job it was work from home just being a billing director for one lab no stress quarter million health care you know starting Quarter million starting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You get it. Yeah. 

Speaker 0 18:47
That's pretty amazing. 

Speaker 1 18:50
But here we are. I'm just making it work every day now. Josh, my husband goes, like, do you ever wish you got that job? I'm like, of course I do. But here I am. So got to make the best of it. 

Speaker 4 19:05
Yeah. 

Speaker 1 19:06
Yeah, it's a joy. But thank you so much. At that time, I was applying for 60 jobs a week after the layoffs. And speaking of the layoffs, they, like, laid off everyone. And now, I don't know. Yeah, I'm sure you guys are aware of some of the stuff going on. But, like, Provia is coming in and, like, all that kind of stuff. I'm like, man. 

Speaker 0 19:24
Yeah. 

Speaker 1 19:26
I'm not sure you guys feel the same. 

Speaker 0 19:30
Yeah. Me and Max just spoke about that. The timing that we transitioned was so perfect. 

Speaker 4 19:38
Couldn't have been better. 

Speaker 0 19:39
Yeah, it really just ended up helping so much because we have the contract. So it's like, all right. 

Speaker 4 19:46
Yeah. 

Speaker 0 19:46
You know, it doesn't really matter what's going on internally with the company. We have the contract. But what we hear, or at least what, you know. loud to hear yeah like we of course like the way we are we just want to extend as much help as we can yeah and um that's pretty much all we can do you can bring a horse to water but right. 

Speaker 1 20:12
Yes well it sounds like agility might not exist anymore it sounds like it's all going to be underneath the new company provia and rick didn't even know about it so rick found out the day he was instructed to lay off all of his staff And of course, all of this, you know, beautifully comes secondhand from other people's mouths. But yeah, it's been kind of crazy. Brooke just left. She was in accounting because her email got switched over to a Provia email. And she said, you guys are sketchy. You don't talk to us before you do anything. And she left that day. And she was like, I'm good. And apparently Ashley and Bernardo tried to schedule a meeting with her and be like, no, let's explain what's going on. She's like, no, this is the company's like fourth name change since I've been here. She's like. And every single time you never re-explained to us what was going on. So I'm fine. And she left. And now she works for an accounting firm down in Georgia where she's at. But she was like the last person there that was still friends with my staff. And now she's gone. I was like, sorry. 

Speaker 0 21:13
I don't know who's there anymore. 

Speaker 1 21:15
I think they have seven employees or eight right now from my understanding that are left standing. Elena, Eric, Asia. Brooke was the last accountant that wasn't in management. Jessica Vincent's there. Ashley, Daniel, Bernardo. 

Speaker 0 21:32
They got rid of Andrew and Kelly? 

Speaker 1 21:34
I don't know if Andrew still there. I think Kelly's gone. I think so because she was posting on Facebook about a new job opportunity and stuff. 

Speaker 0 21:43
I like Kelly. 

Speaker 1 21:45
I love Kelly. But Kelly had worked there several times. So Kelly had left and come back and been through some HR conundrums with them. But yeah, Kelly's gone. Sue's gone. Kristen's gone. Yeah. 

Speaker 0 21:56
I know Sue's leaving because she contacted me and asked me because she's actually doing like freelance work for what she does. So she's asking like, how did I create the contract? I gave her pretty much everything I could. 

Speaker 1 22:10
That's awesome. She works for Aetna now, I believe. 

Speaker 0 22:12
Oh, nice. Nice. 

Speaker 1 22:14
Yeah. So she's actually the Aetna laboratory contracting specialist for Michigan, something like that. 

Speaker 0 22:20
Yeah. So. 

Speaker 1 22:21
Yeah. i mean everyone's kind of scattered and spread now yeah i love it so cool yes so it was so cool whose husband's super cool too yeah i mean i don't know if andre is there anymore i've heard from people that he was gone but then again i heard that some of the people that were let go about agility were hired at pro via so i'm not fully sure because actually warner owns provia so i'm not really sure what's going on but once again they never explained anything to anyone so it's not. 

Speaker 0 22:51
The first time not knowing anything but weird stuff's happening yeah yeah super fun but um yeah super weird as long as the checks keep clearing yeah exactly as long as they don't start talking about not having money yeah enough. 

Speaker 1 23:07
About that now for the time being yeah feeling like crazy yeah exactly well i mean apparent i i don't know A lot of this is rumor mill, right? But like more times than not, the rumor mill has been correct because agility is not honest about anything. Agility is potentially closing fully and everything's moving into Provia. 

Speaker 0 23:30
I thought that was weird to hear Provia because I looked up what Provia was and it was like some random thing. 

Speaker 1 23:38
Yeah, if you type in Provia RCM partners. They started a website and you might be like, Ashley, how do you know Provia RCM Warner is owned by Ashley Warner? Because this is the new like everyone's emails have been flipped over to Provia RCM Warner. It might be like, how do you know this is them? It's owned out of the same business. Daniel Warner's business is owned out of his medical records company. This one's not a licensed or registered company in the state of Georgia. But if you go to the address, I mean. My brother's an attorney, so I have him look at all this. I said, who's Provia? Like, what's going on? But if you look at the address, there's another company that's owned out of the same address, same unit, same suite that has state registration. So if you look at who owns Insightful ROI LLC. 

Speaker 5 24:31
It's amazing that your mind went through all of these stages. Like, all right, we're located. Okay, let me look up location. Okay. 

Speaker 1 24:41
So here's the thing. Before I go into business with any lab, I do a background checkup. Who owns Insightful, ROI, LLC? Daniel Warner. So everyone's emails are being switched over to Provia. That's in a location of Daniel Warner's business and all the agility stuff is being closed down. 

Speaker 2 25:00
That's wild. Yep. 

Speaker 1 25:03
So hopefully your contract just goes over to Provia and you guys keep it going. I'll hope for that for you. But from my understanding, agility is potentially not going to exist here in a month or two, which goes back to a year ago, Ashley Warner. Well, I don't know that it's a year yet, but when Stacia was fired, she was caught embezzling from agility. 

Speaker 0 25:27
So dang Stacia. 

Speaker 1 25:30
Well, Stacia wasn't Stacia caught Ashley and Stacia told, Stacia told a couple of people. So Ashley fired her because she broke confidentiality is my understanding. 

Speaker 0 25:41
But isn't like now a legal thing. Like. 

Speaker 1 25:44
Oh, it is illegal. So from my rumor mill understanding is bill essentially said agility is not successful. You can start putting things together to either purchase it. Like we're walking away. We're not in business together. or else i'm going to press charges and like all that kind of stuff she was charging her nanny to the company card and then the way bill found it was he found her catering and birthday party stuff for her daughter on the business card and it flagged him so yeah and then stacia was in the meeting with bill and ashley and stacia told angie and angie told everybody a lot of two-facedness going on. Yeah. So that's kind of my understanding of what happened a year ago. It's apparently her second time she got caught embezzling from agility. 

Speaker 0 26:36
I just looked up, so she works at Rent Path now. 

Speaker 1 26:40
Yeah. Well, she had posted on Facebook when everything went down, and Angie reached out to me and was like, I don't feel safe in my job. This is what happened. Will you offer me a job? I offered her a job. Ashley Warner offered her more money to stay. That was the second time Ashley Warner's given Angie a raise to keep her from me. So then Angie stayed and then Angie was laid off in this last round. She came back the day she came back from maternity leave. They laid her off and it was an unpaid maternity leave. So she had only planned to not have money for six weeks. But then at that point, I'm not hiring right now. So I don't know if Angie's landed somewhere yet, but yeah, craziness. I mean. 

Speaker 0 27:19
They didn't even do like the two week month thing that they were offering. 

Speaker 1 27:23
Some people got it. Yeah. But if, but cause she was on maternity leave, they just let her go. Yeah. 

Speaker 0 27:30
That's a tough situation to be in. Hopefully her husband is like in good enough financial standing to take care of things. That's pretty. 

Speaker 1 27:38
Exactly. Yeah. She had called me and she's like, I need a job, but she's not the only one who called me like desperately need a job. Daniel called me and asked, not Daniel, David called me and asked if I could get several people jobs because all of his friends and family worked at agility. and they all got laid off and so he's like i need a job for this person i need a job for this person i was wondering about david i feel i felt they would never let david go though david has left several times david has loyalty to ashley though so i mean some of us didn't and we're not there anymore because we said we wouldn't have loyalty to her um and so yeah it's interesting i mean it's I hope your guys' contract stays, though, and keeps paying the bills. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. 

Speaker 0 28:24
At the end of the day, like, we have other clients, but at the end of the day, like, that's why a lot of our time, especially now, we want to clear up with this other contract. Because it's more so software development, web app development, CRM development. That stuff, it's good. Like, there's a lot of money, a lot of freedom in it. But with the bot, you know, that's pretty much our bread and butter. and as long as we can keep... their company uh creating income they'll continue to want to keep us creating income but with the crm or that you get a bulk of the money up front and then you might get uh well with us we have a residual for uh yearly support that we'll get that's a lot lower yeah. 

Speaker 1 29:12
Oh yeah for sure well hopefully i can get some stuff off the ground to bring you you guys some more stability. Like I said, I'd be hoping to double. the bot environments because we've already just done the math and i'm like five bots are gonna be done so quickly like the moment i can actually clear some of this money the biggest problem is like i'm in an ar issue right now myself i'm helping people with their areas did you get a chance to look over the ones that were sent in yes so i did and they looked good but some are missing so i just wanted to send you over i don't know if they got like caught in the interface queue or what but i was pulling them up from the sheet because in the sheet there are 74 and there are not 74 in the system so I'm going to send you over the ones I'm missing and then i do have the next sheet ready i have like 8 000 ready to upload now oh wow the thing about the next sheet she goes i'd work on it um here's the thing about the next sheet let me get pulled up i'm going to share my screen because this is worth this next sheet i need you to upload it's worth like 1.2 million dollars to the lab. 

Speaker 6 30:21
So that's awesome. But he is so alert. Look at this guy. 

Speaker 1 30:26
He's just he's chugging along. He's such a good baby. He's such a good third. He has hiccups all the time and he almost never cries. The problem is he just wants to eat. So I'm never not attached to this kid. OK, so here you're going to see a problem with the sheet and putting it together, you know, getting all the columns in line and stuff. It is not. I or CPT code star CPT code star CPT code star this one has individual CPT codes listed out so I wanted to talk to you about that if you need me to format it pull these back together because this is how it's listed on this other spreadsheet so I'm able to map the CPT code to the test name but then it's this right like it's a list of CPT codes which is not what your program set up to do so do you need me to reformat it so it's you know the star CPT code star CPT codes um. 

Speaker 0 31:18
And when it comes to this, like just looking at it, I see the same patient. Yeah. 

Speaker 1 31:23
This is all the same patient. Yep, so this will all have one CPT code per line when I finish the VLOOKUP. 

Speaker 0 31:30
It needs all four of those CPTs, but just for that particular, in one line in that particular format. 

Speaker 1 31:39
Because this is what the format was before. 

Speaker 0 31:41
Yeah, it was all taped into one. Right? Yeah, we might be able to. We can probably create a macro for this and just do it if all of the data is identical. Are you able to determine that by the accession number, like all that's associated with it? 

Speaker 1 32:03
They're all the same accession number. 

Speaker 2 32:05
How many lines? 

Speaker 1 32:06
So it could be different because they're blood. 

Speaker 0 32:08
Yeah. 

Speaker 1 32:10
So what I'm doing for UTI actually is I'm going to have a... fake CPT code, one fake CPT code that you're going to cross over because my team has to go in and check on these if they're UTI positive or UTI negative, and we're going to change the CPT coding from there. So I'm going to create a CPT code called UTI, and then you're going to upload all these as UTI. And so then my team knows which ones haven't been worked because they're just called UTI in the system. And then they need to actually check to see if they're UTI positive or negative and they're going to sign the CPT codes. So these ones that you see that say say UTI, I'm going through, I'm going to remove all the duplicate lines and they'll just say UTI. The problem is the blood. So I'm going through and scrubbing. Yeah. 

Speaker 0 32:52
Why are there so many? I'm good. Cause it's, it's part B. I'm trying to see like when we do create from that. 

Speaker 1 33:00
Lines is all one, but you aren't going to have that. I'm going to delete those. The issue here is just this blood. So this is all one, one blood sample. So this is all going to be. 

Speaker 0 33:13
Vitamin D, vitamin B12. All right. Yeah, I understand. So it created an individual. 

Speaker 1 33:19
Yep. I'm going through adding all your lines or all your columns, and we'll have all that put together here shortly. 

Speaker 0 33:24
Okay. Yeah, if we can combine them based on the accession number, that's great. It's just for the CPT code, will T3 and vitamin B12, does that work? 

Speaker 1 33:40
Well, so no, those are going to have CPT codes. I was up and I was replacing because the next file tab had everything as names, not as CPT codes for some reason. So then I was flipping everything over from names to the proper CPT coding. So if you like go through this, like if you looked at the other tab, it was super messy. I've now consolidated it down to like, this is UTI, this is wound. So I'm going to build out those functions in the system. And then everything that's blood crossing over is going to be like, this is all one blood sample. um with that all being one blood sample you know because it's not star you know cmp star yeah don't even worry about it if we can just use the session numbers we can just create a uh a macro for it okay then i will finalize this and get this over to you tonight i'm almost done i was working on it for the last three days um so i'm almost done um and then when i get the other columns uploaded you'll be ready to go for this one um this one has let's look this one has 2416 patients on it the next one i think is 8 000 claims so we'll go from there but this one's the main one all of these have never been billed before so we're doing a fresh bill on them um So. 

Speaker 0 34:59
Yeah. 

Speaker 1 35:00
Okay. Okay, cool. Then I will get this over to you tonight, and then I'll get you over the list that didn't cross over that I can't find in CMD from the test. 

Speaker 0 35:08
And just so I'm clear, you're going to make, like, a numeric CPT code for UTI, or is it just going to be called UTI? 

Speaker 1 35:14
It's just going to be called UTI, and there's going to be a CPT built in the system called UTI. Same thing with WOU. So you'll see, like, there will be a W-O-U CPT code in that column. there will be a cpt code in cmd of wou and those will be mapped so an individual knows to work with those and get them all right i understand sti rpp all of those will be the same kind of deal yeah got it yeah i wanted to touch base real quick uh before we uh jump off here uh regarding the web app um. 

Speaker 2 35:49
I wanted to see what your um i know since we last spoke um you know something that we we want to go that direction. Of course, it's contingent on a number of things. I wanted to kind of, you know, go through perhaps like some, some scrum meetings. If in addition to, you know, our meeting that we currently have for now, if we could maybe just, you know, take some time to really like dive into what exactly, you know, all of the uh, you know the web app is supposed to do its functionality and like really dive into the details here um yeah so uh is the what's your schedule like i know i know you're super busy and they're probably best let me look at like what. 

Speaker 1 36:39
Next thursday looks like either thursdays or fridays the the first part of my week is back-to-back meetings so if you have a Thursday or Friday time like Thursday the same time as this one, Friday at like 10 a.m. Central. I can do either of those. 

Speaker 2 36:56
We can do Thursday and Friday if you wanted. 

Speaker 1 37:02
Yeah, so I can do next week if you want to throw meetings on for those slots for the same time as this one on Thursday. And then Friday, 10 a.m. Central, I can do both of those and then we can run through the product as quick as possible. give you the ins and outs and all the rules and all that. I know it's been a while since we've talked about it. 

Speaker 2 37:23
Central is two hours back from East one. Okay. I'm thinking mountain. Okay. Yep. Gotcha. Gotcha. So, um, all right, perfect. So, um, yeah, I'll, I'll shoot that your way. Uh, the calendar invites for Thursday and Friday. And, um, yeah, we'll get this. 

Speaker 1 37:44
We'll get this really next. Thursday and Friday because this Thursday I have a doctor's appointment. If that's okay. Okay. 

Speaker 2 37:54
Yeah, that works. 

Speaker 1 37:56
Awesome. Then we'll get that going from there. And then Jermaine, I'm going to send you over just the spreadsheet columns or rows highlighted red that didn't cross over that I'm not locating in CMD because everything else is in there. And then I'll send you over the file when it's ready. 

Speaker 0 38:09
All right. 

Speaker 1 38:10
Sounds good. I'm going to go from there and get everything uploaded and crossing over. Okay. thank you so much gentlemen is there anything else i can do for you guys perfect thank you ashley i'll talk to you guys later bye bye. 

