MEET - UPDATE MEETING - RECORDING EXTENSION


Date    2025-08-12

Speaker 0 00:00
When it's easier like my mom had kids when she was older and it was horribly hard for her so i'm just like i want to knock out my kids my husband says we're not having kids after 30 so you know i'm 26 right now i have four more years for kids i want one more kid so maybe 29 i give it another stab but i'm done for now but it is crazy it's like so here's a day in my life i wake up at five i go to work I wake my kids up and get everyone ready at 7. I get them out the door to preschool, daycare, and school. And then I come back and I work. And I work till 3.30 and I pick up the first one. I come home and I work. And then I pick up the second one at 5. And then I cook and I hang out with my kids from 5 to 7.30. I put my kids down at 7.30 to bed. And then I work. 

Speaker 1 00:50
Back to work. 

Speaker 0 00:52
That's the best example of working from home. Yes. oh but don't worry sometimes you don't sleep at night because you have a newborn so waking up at five in the morning is really easy to do oh my gosh yeah and then you do it again and again and the only difference is thursday nights you don't work till 9 00 p.m because you got small group and bible study and other than that it's like the circle of life it just happens over and over and over and over again and then unfortunately i'm the kind of person i hate which is the person who desperately looks forward to Friday. like friday happens and i'm like i'll take a juice i needed that and then i do it again and i sleep for five maybe three hours every night during the weekdays and then on the weekends i'm like leave me alone i'm gonna sleep for 15 hours straight so it's good and then i have a rampant coffee addiction super addicted to caffeine all the time yeah for you to have four cups of coffee day but you know whatever well it's like the alcoholic who likes chugs wine he's like wine's good for you yeah this is i have like three four of these a day which is so much sugar to have the worst i have oh yes yes you're like see i'm a sucker for a sugar-free red bull oh my goodness but you can't have three or four of those a day otherwise you're in a lot of trouble so i do coffee yeah gotta pace it throughout the day otherwise i get really excited at the beginning of the day and then i. 

Speaker 1 02:26
See every hour i'm gonna throw jermaine under the bus he does not do any form of anything like he won't even take aspirin like he's he he man yeah. 

Speaker 2 02:40
I don't know i i had a bad experience with five hour energy when i was young because i hated my job at like 16 at Yeah. I used to work at Champs and I hated it. So in order to get me through, I would take an energy drink and I'm like going around. Oh, yeah, let me help you. But one didn't work one day and I took two like back to back. My heart was like jumping out of my chest. And it was like my heart literally hurt after like a couple of hours. I'm like, yeah, never again, never again. So I literally after that, I never. Never drank energy drinks after that. And for some, I never liked the taste of coffee ever. 

Speaker 0 03:30
Gotcha. Are you a tea guy? Like, I will have a matcha and be wired for the day. I'm super happy. 

Speaker 2 03:37
I don't even really like tea. I think it's hot, like beverages, because I don't even really like soup or like anything that you just drink hot. I don't really like it too much. I'll drink it, but yeah, I don't really. i don't really like it too much to be honest okay i just tried to literally get by on life while with my own energy and why does it work sometimes it does it jermaine's. 

Speaker 0 04:09
Out here just living life one nap in a bedtime at a time crazy crazy thing is i don't nap once i'm up i'm just up goodness yeah better than everyone else Praying on life. 

Speaker 1 04:27
Not needing anything, just going for it. 

Speaker 0 04:28
You know? I can't relate. I can't relate. We'll see. 

Speaker 1 04:32
I'm going to even, like, take it a step further. So, like, Jermaine has, like, a goal to, like, work out and do 100,000 push-ups. Like, which is so insane. Like, that is, you know, I'm putting his personal business out there. But, like, he, like, crushes his goals. Like, he sets goals and just, like, he just is consistent. He's consistently consistent. 

Speaker 0 05:02
Like he's good at like oh he's he's hard edge oh i worked i had a boss that was hard edge do you guys know what that is it's like where you don't do drugs you don't drink you don't engage in promiscuous activity you don't like you work out every day like and but it's a punk rock group of like it's a very underbelly of society it's called hard edge and so i had a boss he's covered in tattoos gauges like goes to raves and all this stuff but he was hard edge and that's what that reminds me of it's just like every day he worked out every single day he ate well he didn't drink alcohol he didn't touch drugs he didn't smoke cigarettes he didn't vape like nothing like that and he just was living life out there i was like that's wild it's wild to do it and have a job but also like go to a rave and be like it's fully sober all the time crazy that's yeah going to a rave so rave sober is different. 

Speaker 2 06:02
Yeah exactly you know it's funny because like the the kids at my church they like are the most like energetic bunch of kids that i've ever seen but they don't drink they don't smoke they don't do no drugs but they will dance and they'll be in full sweat like literally their shirts will be soaked in sweat from dancing to like music. It's crazy. 

Speaker 0 06:31
Yeah i mean my husband and i i mean just give me this give me the caffeine because like i drink but i don't get drunk i don't even get a buzz i don't do anything else there's nothing else i don't smoke cigarette don't have a scar i mean all of our friends do zins because who doesn't these days um but and those little plastic packets everywhere but like give me my caffeine that's my thing every once in a while i have to do a detox guys it's horrible so like right before i got pregnant i was drinking five cups of coffee a day five full cups of coffee every single day i don't know if you know how much caffeine that is that's 500 milligrams of caffeine a day that's a lot of caffeine and then i had to fully quit and i think i was useless to the world for a week with a full detox of migraines and shaking and feeling like i was gonna puke and then immediately i'm done being pregnant and i was like i'm just gonna have four cups of coffee. Like, I immediately, I know who I am. I'm a happier person with it. It is what it is. It's as close as my Silicon Valley, you know, crack Coke addiction as I can get. 

Speaker 3 07:47
Yeah. 

Speaker 0 07:49
Working on an Excel file. One of those coders from the Silicon Valley in the early 2000s, just doing a line of Coke. 

Speaker 2 08:00
Coding it's 9 p.m i'll have a coffee next to me and i'm just no blinking looking at an excel file it's crazy though because like the the withdrawals are real like yeah i've cut off sugar like a few times oh my goodness it's literally the worst like you literally feel the craziest migraines from just sugar withdrawal like John. 

Speaker 0 08:25
Believe it or not, sometimes I am healthy. Right now is not one of those times, but like I'll do like the full sugar, like no sugar, eat mostly protein, lose 75 pounds in three months. I've done it a few times. 

Speaker 2 08:37
That's a lot. 

Speaker 0 08:40
Yeah. Like it's right after I have a kid and I'm like done breastfeeding and everything. I'm like, okay, it's time to lose all the baby weight and feel good again. And so I like, I'll go hard. I'll still eat like 1800 calories a day, but it's all protein and fiber. fat like I pretty much go low-carb no sugar not intentionally but like that's what makes me feel good to work out and I live two blocks from like a super high-end gym and so yeah then I just get back in shape and then I kind of stay there like I don't read diet and recut yeah I have a kid I'll lose like 65 pounds and kind of hang out there and then you know until I. 

Speaker 2 09:21
Decided inevitably to have another child as max and i were talking about earlier i was like i can't believe i do this to myself all the time but yeah that's amazing though to lose that much weight in that amount of time that's really good like pounds. 

Speaker 0 09:36
Since i had him so the day in the hospital i was after i had him i was 265 and i'm down to 235 and i will get down to 180 and then then I'll stop. i'm not looking to be skinny i'm looking to be healthy i like to just feel good i literally like want to jump on the trampoline with my kids and i want to be able to run and have my knees not hurt so like those are my yeah i tried jumping on the trampoline on my my niece's trampoline like probably. 

Speaker 2 10:07
Like two years ago i got like 20 jumps in them there's too much pressure on my legs right now Yeah. 

Speaker 4 10:16
Yeah. 

Speaker 0 10:20
I was out doing front flips and back flips yesterday with my kids on the tramp. 

Speaker 2 10:26
So, like, I could still do that stuff. It just doesn't feel good. It doesn't feel the same, yeah. I was actually thinking about getting one of those mini trampolines and just, like, yeah, and just jumping on that for a while because it apparently is, like, really good to build up, like, lactic acid in the legs to build up endurance. So. you know i've seen those old pilates videos where they would just have these routines with these trampolines and i was thinking about getting one but you know i'm already turning the office into a gym i don't know yeah i don't want to put too much in here now funny enough like max like has actually set some goals for himself and he's been in here doing push-ups too and. 

Speaker 1 11:17
You know because max because you can't you know have your your you know uh your co-worker one up you you know when he's working out and like it's like oh i'm just watching him as i'm just rotting in my chair you know i have to you know drink chugging my red bull in in coffee you know he's just like all right yeah another hundred thousand another hundred anyway. 

Speaker 0 11:45
Welcome to life with that kind of attitude. Wild. No, we have a trampoline and like our neighbors behind us are some of our best friends and they have a full basketball court. So like we go out and play basketball. And like as far as trampoline goes, like we bought like the 16 footer that can hold like a thousand pounds so adults can jump on it. And so like we get the fun stuff. Like we have a pickleball court in our backyard, all that kind of stuff. But I just don't feel good right now. So I got to. I gotta get back in shape for sure. But it'll take a few more months. As far as the file goes, I ran into another hiccup. So I'm going to have it for you guys. That is my update. I did all the payer mapping. Or all of the clinic mapping. The doctor mapping. I had to hand key everything into CMD. And then I went to do the payers. And like 53 payers needed remapped. So I'm just working through those. I mean it's good. 

Speaker 2 12:43
Right? Because you would have had to have done this. Anyways. 

Speaker 0 12:45
Or will this you guys would have went to go move in the data and either a would have created a failure or B You would have had to import it with those slots missing Yeah Oh, it's better that I put them in an Excel file form than someone has to put them in Manually one at a time like open up the account go and click so it's fine because I can do a V lookup once I identify Which ones are missing and I get them plugged into CMD I can just do a V lookup and get the sequence IDs mapped which takes way less time that a person goes in manually so you know progress is occurring it's just not progress you guys can see at all so um but that should be ready i mean i think i have 20 pairs left of the 50 that we're missing mapping um so i will get those done and should be cool yeah. 

Speaker 2 13:32
Once it's done we literally can throw in all of them and yeah drop it in and it'll just convert them so it's No, it's no pressure at all. 

Speaker 0 13:42
Now that you guys have a ton of experience with HL7s, I may have a client that needs some support, and I would have them pay you directly if he's not able to figure out things with his LIS. Right now, he's using a weird, like, small offshore LIS, and they only want to give me a CSV. They don't want to do an API. They don't want to do an HL7. And so I would need a CSV to HL7 conversion to potentially be able to happen. daily i told him i like if he is not able to cross the finish line with his lis i told him to like significantly pressure them because that makes our lives so much easier when claims are coming over daily in the correct format but if he's not able to do that that he can pay for you guys to do it so i'll let you guys know there might be a little hl7 business coming your way of just a converter for exactly this to go into collaborate md but just from his csv so i'm hoping in full transparency he crosses the finish line with his las and forces them to do an api but if they don't then that'll be the cleanest way yeah i don't want to have to manually intervene daily and do like a file drop and an import so um but yeah i'll let you guys know how that goes and then um One other update for you guys. Rhiannon wants to start coming to the accounting meeting. The Scrum? So, yeah, I will have her. um join on thursday and see if she just wants to see if she can like add any information because she's the one who does it every single day i don't um i just kind of understand the process and know kind of what she does but she brought up a good point she said quickbooks fails after a thousand lines and then and i regularly pull ten thousand lines and i was like yes that wouldn't be something i would know to be like hey this is this file size that you should anticipate those kinds of things like this is not something i'm aware of So she wants to join in on those meetings as well. Otherwise, that's my update for you guys. And then I have $1.9 million billed out for a client. I'm just waiting. So, like, I'm getting a percentage of that, of course. I'm just waiting on them to clear some stuff. I'm waiting on about $100,000-ish in invoicing to them. So. once they're able to put those invoices to me we'll get things up and going i just invoiced them out that's why i cancelled last week was so i could run invoicing and get those things up and cool so i was able to invoice them and you know it's not due tell them that hurry and i got it last week and i'm imagining they'll probably wait to pay me tell them that 30 so so that's That's right, finance is wise. 

Speaker 1 16:48
All right, cool. 

Speaker 0 16:50
Yeah. Anything else you guys need from me? 

Speaker 1 16:55
Did you get a chance to check out the Precision King Netlify? 

Speaker 0 17:01
Yes, it looks amazing. Okay. Like, I, obviously, you're updating, so, like, I clicked buttons and the screen went fully blank. But, one moment, I'll get back in here. Do you want to use the rest of the hour to go over that? 

Speaker 1 17:16
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the more that we can cover, the more it helps us kind of like define, and then we're going to just continually refine. We're going to define and refine in our meetings moving forward. It'll be a lot of back and forth and, you know, talking about things, I'm sure, repeatedly until they're at that point where it's like, okay, this is pretty intuitive. This does what it needs to do, you know, and then we can think about the other areas that we need to. what they need to do and just like kind of what the story is behind it how it needs to function and yada yada yeah i kind of wanted to talk to you guys next about the queuing um because we type that was the last place we kind of left off was like the queue for failed accounts right so. 

Speaker 0 18:02
Like an account fails and upload how does it queue so i kind of want to talk about individual people workflow unless you know we can go back into clinics i saw user permissions was blanked out you know pricing was blanked out um so i know you guys are working on that so does that work do you guys want to talk about like the different workflows and queuing yeah sure samples go okay let me see if i can settle my baby just have to stand and bounce him as i do this okay I'm going to pull up a blank document in Canva so we can kind of bucket this off. So essentially samples can queue in multiple places, right? Like the first place a sample would queue or an invoice would queue is on like that would be queue number one. would be an import view where when uh and that you would do for failures so you've done an import and there's failures and the last time we spoke we kind of defined it into we kind of defined this into two views one for things that failed for non-fixable items like things you couldn't push through this would contain missing clinics clients um missing cpts you can push that through you know so you know if it's missing things these are non-fixable items the second thing though with fixable items and that would be the duplicate failure queue um so if the sample sample and cpt have a duplicate they would create uh another queue And those ones are fixable, meaning we would need to have a button there that could trigger for a push. So let's say... let's talk about the workflow here so Rhiannon comes in she uploads a file that file has five failures and 10 good samples people talking small numbers here so in the five failures some are going to go into non-fixable she's going to be able to go in there and see which ones add the client add the clinics and do a re-upload of just both lines so she's going to go in and re-upload just the ones that failed. then she's going to go in and one is a duplicate problem and she's decided i actually don't want this push through this is a correct duplicate she's going to leave it in the queue it's or deny it at the queue um then next where do where does everything go she re-uploads the the non-fixable ones the ones that were missing the clients now we have you know the 15 where do the 15 go and then i think there's the invoice queuing right So now the 15 samples are all on invoices now. Let's say there's three invoices. And those ones now are going to go into the general invoice queue where there's a filter that you can filter them by status. And these are created, you know, not sent. So then she can go into each one and that's where she's going to look and review them and approve or edit. and voices so that would be kind of what we have going on here right it would be like draft correct yeah it would they would all come in and draft and then she can review them from there approve them or edit them and then the next queuing we would have would be the next place everything would go and this wouldn't necessarily be a queue but the next step in the workflow is invoices are sent so this would then map to whatever the sending preference is in the portal right so at that point we would be looking at mapping them to email out accordingly i don't know email i don't know we probably won't set up fax through here but i don't think anyone's account receivable is faxing right they are the industry's got more problems I know we're still faxing for medical records but I don't think accounts receivable should be at all so so now we're setting things up for email so then they get sent out how do you guys typically handle failed failed submissions does it trigger back an email from general inbox like hey someone gets an email or a notification like this was not complete because we get it all the time someone's terminated their emails and terminated we have nowhere to send that to it's going to shoot us back like we need to know somehow that something didn't get sent do you guys typically cue that or do you typically just generate an email or or do we generate i guess maybe the best option is generating a notification that they have to go in and update the email and resubmit for submission yeah that's um. 

Speaker 1 23:34
Definitely, you know, something we can make it do is notify it, like notify the user or whoever, you know, it could be an entire department. I mean, it could be everyone, you know, whoever has access, you know, on the at that level. But yeah, I mean, really, what would you like to see happen? 

Speaker 0 24:02
Maybe just the status of submission failed i don't know how they would know why it failed but like when we talk about the statuses like draft sent sending failure yeah. 

Speaker 2 24:18
Yeah i think the way that cmd does their uploads is really good as far as like what it tells you and then it even has that queue system that you can clear with the history um queue basically so they hate They have the history, then they have the queue, and you can't really necessarily go through the history, but it allows you to at least see like, all right, there was like this many failures or whatever. Yeah. And then also it gives you the reason for the failure, which was really helpful for what we were doing. 

Speaker 0 24:58
Yeah, then we have to come up with the reasons why something might fail. Yeah. 

Speaker 2 25:05
For sure. Yeah, if we're using a CSV or Excel sheet. it would be based on that column and most likely it will be because of something not being in the system which is basically exactly what cmd does so it references the column to the um hl7 and if that column is not found in the uh the the database within cmd then it will throw back an error to say for example the client the clinic isn't found in software or in software or in your database whatever we choose to use as that uh that example or that wording we could use that universally for each column that column in each row that did not find that particular point of information. 

Speaker 0 26:10
Well, failure is going to generate then a status in this queue here. And it's going to say, like, just now, how we have sent, exhaustion, create and fold, exhaustion, and just move. We're going to result out, instead of just sent, like, submission failure or assignment failure. And then from there. 

Speaker 1 26:35
That was the status on the dashboard, the column. 

Speaker 2 26:39
Just have a bunch of voices okay yep so you want it all to be displayed in uh one queue or would you rather have like a button where you press like failed accounts that pops up when there's failures and it separates from the um. 

Speaker 0 26:56
Entire upload so i think there should be a separation when it's a failure on an import but this would be a failure on an email so it's only on an import two queues, one fixable, non-fixable. Those would be separate from in here because it would have individual line items with patient information. When we're talking about routing invoices themselves, so we do, so walking back a couple steps then. So we do an upload, Rhiannon's fixed everything in those other two queues. Those two queues exist. Now we want to actually send out the invoices. So Rhiannon comes in here. There's the five or three invoices we said were in draft draft and so now she's going to come in and review those and let's say she's reviewed them they're good just talking about general workflow they're good you know she comes in here she needs to edit the invoice yeah um i did that to myself last time too she needs to edit the invoice right she like adds lines fixes details whatever she comes back out they're all out of draft they're ready to go so she sends them all a scent she she marks them all to go send at that point they email to whatever the email is on file inside the client but let's say one of the three fails that's kind of where i'm at for me is like how do we know that she clicked send to riverbend labs but riverbend labs never received it because of something we received right so like when i email out through godaddy i can receive the response from GoDaddy saying like email. non receivable, you know, it didn't receive because of a, there's so many reasons like a typo, you know, whatever it might be. So we just need a way in here that that's going to auto flip the status then to submission failure. And then I guess underneath invoice details, like it might pop something in red right here saying submission failure due to email issue. Because the other thing that could happen, heaven forbid, we could have a server down, right? And then nothing would go out. So then it would say internal error, contact IT, or it would say server down. Like those are the two main reasons I can think that it's going to fail is there's an invalid email. For some reason, it could be misspelling or the email is no longer on file. Or two is there's the down server issue. Like there's something on your guys' where it didn't go out. But we need to know that because if it's not sent, then we're going to follow up 30 days later and they're going to say, we never received it. Or we're going to follow up two weeks later and they're going to say, we never received it. So we just need confirmation. So the other option is, yeah, I like sent. But the other option we could do is we could do. sending to and then completed. But I feel like that would happen within a few seconds. So we don't need that. so sent failed submission so then she has a failed submission she goes in she updates that one's email address she she re-statuses as to send it sets so it's really important that the status actually sends the invoice so when she takes it from draft to sent which we don't have a place here to update those statuses do we no case That's something we'll need to add then, like a drop down at the bottom to update the status. 

Speaker 1 30:51
Okay, definitely. Unless you say it different. Yeah, well, I was just thinking, like, obviously we'll have that, but we'll also be able to include logic where if, I mean, it could automatically change depending on whatever set series of events had transpired. 

Speaker 0 31:13
To trigger that to change um and and we could kind of lay out that logic as well but that would probably be more you know later on yeah no problem with that specifically i guess we just need to build in how are we going to send these you know how is it said triggered because sometimes we'll have one-offs like hey guys riverbend labs is closing in two minutes and their last invoice So if it's built the logic that invoices are only triggered on the first of each month or the fifth of each month We need to have a special event ability for us to just trigger in places Which could be as easy as like in these three buttons here send invoice or resend invoice Okay, be able to push in QuickBooks right now um i'll show you what that looks like let's build an invoice or like it's two seconds and that will let you guys see that and this baby's so mad today sorry guys um okay so like you created in voice right okay so i i put in a customer i looked at a drop down of customers i put in a customer it auto populates the emails in that are related to that customer that's just how quickbooks works i could also come in here though and edit it so if for some reason one email i don't want colin to receive this invoice i could come in and know that we necessarily need um because i feel like it'll be pretty set on a client level but that's just you know quickbooks has the ability to do that and then yeah okay um and then the bill to whatever I can change invoice date terms due date okay so then from there you know this is where a date of service would be plugged in and then you guys can see all of them so let's do that the description is where in this system which is not how we'll do it are successful. We can put in the patient name and accession number and then the rate whatever populates. And then down here we can save it and that puts it in draft mode max or we can click review and send and when we click review and send you would review it here. Here's the email body, the subject and then I can send it from here. and click send invoice but you gotta go to the precision's gonna ask me why am i billing them for an individual test okay um but then like here this is coastal biotech they i can click in here i can come in and edit it but i can see more actions i can come and click edit invoice and if you're going to send it so review and send again like that's how that one's triggering. 

Speaker 1 35:23
You said you can or can't review and send? 

Speaker 0 35:27
Sorry. 

Speaker 1 35:27
No worries. 

Speaker 0 35:29
Let me settle this, baby. I didn't click review and send it, though. You ate, your diaper's clean, you had a nap. Looks pretty good as far as I consider that. Let me stand up and see if that's what he wants. So I can't. I can click review and send again and it will go out again. I can also set it up for scheduling, right? Like I could do a schedule and you know, it'll go out. Okay. 

Speaker 5 36:01
Yep. 

Speaker 0 36:03
I can do a push and just make it go out again. So that at some point, like the ability to manually, manually do it is, is important. I don't know how long. account for that in here um but like i said it could even just be a button in here like resend or resubmit to or yeah reset because i can't tell you how often i have people who receive it they want to pay it but it's just not at the top of their inbox so they go can you resend that to me yep so my options are then in this system right now i would just have to download the pdf you send it but then it wouldn't have like payment length so just an ability to like manually push an invoice okay and then going through so then all of the others sent so then they're sitting on set okay then let's route them accordingly into the three options which would be paying in full paying and partial disputing you know let's let's kind of walk through what those look like so because this would take us actually let's go into the canva we've got to talk about the payment receiving system and queuing because that's not in here at all yet so this is how we talked about it last time and i like how you have it set up maxwell right now so you know you don't have to do all this um But because right now, essentially, these would just be queued here by exhausted or paid. Like, they would just be queued with a filter. So I'm fine with keeping it simple and just keeping everything, you know, not tabbing each one out. Keeping everything in one place, dividing it up by status. Let's see. Well, I put make page here for myself. I don't think I mean. oh we kind of just talked through it at the time i didn't fully make it okay so then payment reconciliation we would need a cue that i have to make it okay i'll make it we need a cue so a payment comes in so river bend laboratories paid i'll pay now. 

Speaker 1 38:44
For you guys i'm sorry to tell him so you could no no worries no worries it's okay i'm sure it's not easy to hear me when he's screaming yeah oh you're trust me it's all good um okay they're the little guy he's the most important yeah. 

Speaker 0 39:01
He just he is having a day i suppose um okay so failure status whatever we clear out those are we talked about that so payments received so we need a payment queue in which the payment number ID would come across the I can't really figure out why um he so we would have to receive payment those payments would come across and let's kind of work at collaborate mdu So, if someone wanted to make a payment, receives payment, interest. So, it is going to auto post the payment to the account based off of what the payment is. So someone comes in like Vibrant Med here. And they make a payment. This is a record of a payment. I'm not actually doing anything. So seeing because let's say they paid via ACH, like they did an ACH bank transfer from their bank to my bank. I didn't do a draft call, you know, et cetera, et cetera. We're just going through it. Well, guys, I want to be respectful of your time. He's not settling right now. 

Speaker 1 40:51
That's okay. 

Speaker 0 40:54
Can we just meet tomorrow at our meeting time? He has been perfectly fine. We'll pick up on receiving payment then. 

Speaker 1 41:01
Sounds good. 

Speaker 0 41:02
Take care. 

Speaker 2 41:04
Bye-bye. 

