QZV-YFGO-OJS


Participants    Rhiannon Hobbs, Ashley Zarling, Jermane Mack, Maxwell Ritchie

Date    2025-08-14

Ashley Z. 00:01
Pretty cut you off so you're good so yeah yesterday we had talked about the payment screen um as soon as we cleared out the payment screen we talked about how to deal with credits reannon so an overpayment or going back and stating hey this should have never been invoiced but you've already paid on it so those two scenarios like if they straight up write a check for too much and also if they um if we have a reversal that results in a credit so we kind of discussed how we're going to house and handle those so that's where we left off yesterday today we're picking up with security max i know you had some thoughts going into it do you want me to kick off or or do you want to start on security yeah. 

Maxwell R. 00:50
Um yeah i could definitely uh uh touch on that so first and foremost um So when we talk about security, I think it's important that we make a distinction between HIPAA compliance and security. While we can certainly categorize them into the same bundle, from a programmatical point of view, they are two entirely separate things. One, of course, is how we work with the data and each other personally. And then there's also how we programmatically work with this data. Right. So there are definitely, as we build this, there are definite foundational security. implementations that we have to like build into this more so than we would like a standard web app right so you know there's like the general security if so think of it like there's two layers right like there's like uh think of it like this like there's security for your house um you know and it's like you can have Locks on your doors and an alarm system and some cameras, right? And we're going to like prevent people from breaking in. Then we have like our HIPAA compliance is basically like a bank, right? It's like a bank vault. And it has basically the same things that you might keep in your house, but it has a log. book and you know like everything is much more tracked right like whoever comes in to make a withdrawal everything has a log like everything there's much more security implementation and stuff like that so basically um our system has to be built like a like a like a bank okay um and there's there's a number of ways to do that right um There are definitely best practices, and forgive me if I end up speaking in technical gibberish here, but I'm trying my best to give simple analogies. Okay, so every user, right? Let's say, like Rhiannon, let's say you, for example, or whoever at the lab. You go to log in, you're going to need your own credentials, right? So your own login and your password, okay? We're also going to use something called OAuth, right? Which is basically, since you use Microsoft, Microsoft is a, you know, it's just one of the major players in terms of, you know, you got Google and Microsoft and Amazon. and you know they have a very secure authorization um that we can build on top or integrate with um into our build so that it will only allow people into the system that have that email and it has to be like authorization okay um so so the user will have to you know be you know in your company with that type of email right in order to authorize themselves um access in to the system okay um so that's the kind of like the first step of like the the layers of security um once that user is logged in okay the system will automatically know what role that they've been assigned okay so in your case actually you would obviously be the admin and then we have like our standard users right um whoever that might might be right and they're only allowed to see the things that we spoke about like um you know in previous meetings right um and then uh they have to be actively using the application um in order to uh prevent let's say that you know somebody left their computer or whatever the case may be like um for more than an hour you know or something something happened like let's say you took your laptop somewhere and then you left it there um if you were if it notices that you're like logged in um for like over an hour it'll automatically boot you out like you'll have to you'll have to re-log in and re-authorize yourself um So there's a number of different types of security implementations that we're going to add in like that. And we're also going to do our best to make this something that at an administrative level is editable. Like you'll be able to set that amount for, you know. two hours or four hours right ultimately whatever you want like that them to like if they're not using the system it basically you know you can do it for like 30 30 minutes 10 minutes five minutes however however you want to get with that um so there's there's that um there's also encryption which is a very it's a very important part of this so basically all the data that's sent between your your computer and the the database it's it all has to be encrypted so there's standard encryption um and there's like more advanced encryption uh so we're definitely gonna go with the more advanced uh there is a lot that we there's a lot that we could talk about when it comes to to the types of encryption. that we're going to be using and it really does become a crazy rabbit hole um but um all of that stuff that basically like our authentication our data encryption right is all going to um once we have everything kind of set up from here and kind of like what these the the data structure is from our conceptual build which is what we're doing we're like doing like the very first phases here is like getting the idea of what exactly this app is going to do there's then a process of like there's some cyber security processes that we as in like bot pros jermaine and i are going to implement where uh we know and it's in it's it's a funny term but there's penetration testers that are that are going to try hacking into our system they're basically ethical hackers that are going to see what types of things we you know might have overlooked or what we might need to tighten up on or you know whatever the case is there's like a whole litany of tests that we have to go through um once we're at that point which will definitely be a part of this whole process. 

Ashley Z. 09:32
Yeah. Or A, you know, the timeout, which we had talked about and you did, like being 30 minutes or less, just because so many people in a doctor's office step up and away from their desk. Like, it's just a part of the workflow of a doctor's office. It's annoying for everyone when there's timeouts on software, but it really is like our only option to prevent that end. Using an authenticator app, I didn't know if you guys could integrate. 

Maxwell R. 09:59
Our system with like microsoft authenticator that's what oauth is yeah so with with part of oauth is to have a means to use like an authentication um such as the authenticator or you can use like you. 

Ashley Z. 10:16
Know duo or like another third party basically it'll do like a uh you know it's it's it's multi factor authentication is what it is right and that i'll want to use texting though as an option or email because when The way one of the biggest hacks occurred in our area is email. Because once they got access to their email, then they did a password reset and it's utilizing that same email. I mean, it just makes no sense. Cell phones, fine. But I know more and more that cell phones, you can just ping and grab a text if you're invested at all. I mean, healthcare is the number one hacked system in the United States outside of attempts on cryptocurrency. So. I mean, it's really valuable data. And so at the beginning, no one's going to know about us, right? But like at the point when, what, we've seen 100,000 patients, we have 100,000 patients data in there. Our systems, especially as we add on to it, will have things like insurance information and addresses and the invoicing level won't, but it will still have like the patient's name and date of birth. So we definitely want to keep that secure. So yeah, I want to kind of push everyone into an authenticator app. if we have to allow like for texting, I suppose we can, just based off of like people being stubborn to not utilize authenticator apps. But that's kind of the trend of the industry anyways. Like availability just banned the ability to even use texting. So everyone's already moving in that trend just because if your cell phone number is worth scooping up, it's just, they're going to, it's not a question. Yeah. 

Maxwell R. 11:51
Well, I mean, like I, yeah, exactly. And to that point, like these huge... players that have these authenticator apps, Google, Microsoft. These companies have literally hundreds of billions of dollars. They've got so much money put into having the most state-of-the-art secure authenticators that you're just not going to... It just doesn't make sense to not... And they're free. You basically get a six-digit code. You know how it goes. 

Ashley Z. 12:19
We have them for all the other things we use. A lot of payers now are requiring it, and it blows my mind when payers only require... require an email or they require a cell phone it's just it's not safe at all yeah um we'll we'll just use that yeah the hacking component i want to see if someone can get into it um this won't be as important when we're just at the bot level we're like just re-in and utilizing it but the moment we take it to public awareness on the market and we start showing it i know that a couple things will happen. A, we'll attempt to be hacked. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it always comes from Russia. That's where medical hacking is currently occurring. So we'll get hacked. Yes. And and that's where when we had discussed the provider view being able to input an account number, like I was talking to someone who had software, they had 150,000 calls on a piece of technology like that of where you could like plug in a date of birth and a name and it would pull up a patient account in one hour and it crashed their whole system. And they had to figure out how to like ban the calls on it from, from that region. Yep. So just being careful that any place a call could be put out like that would never contain patient information. But what it could do is it could lock up our system, right. And someone could continue to place calls and attack us. We would probably have to have like a firmware update and yeah. I mean, it's just, or a software update. It's just something we'd have to do when that happens. And if that happens and just be there. 

Maxwell R. 13:59
Well, I mean, to be honest, like that's included already in what we just, like, we're going to have this penetration tested from our guy. And then, you know, once we get to that point, I highly recommend that you do a third party or we can work together. But like, you know, the main thing here, and this is important, is to not trust. anyone. Not even your developers, as crazy as that sounds. You can't really go based on everything that someone tells you, especially in this day and age. 

Ashley Z. 14:34
Well, change healthcare. That is like one of the biggest companies with the most money just had a massive hack. So no, for sure. The other thing I was going to say is I'm happy to pay for a security certificate for the website that we would do every six months, every year. and then we can add that to the marketing that like hey we went through this third party tester we paid the five thousand dollars they did a penetration test they reviewed all of our sops so to my understanding jermaine you could jump in i know you know a little about this as well. 

Maxwell R. 15:08
Well, more about this probably than I do. But there is SOC 2 compliance. There's ISO something, and then there's SOC 2. So these are the highest levels of licensed compliance that are done by third parties that just go through. They make sure that you have everything, and then they make sure that you have... you know that the company that's managing this you know is staying on top of the um um you know like how the how the logs are are managed and that there's that like uh everything has to have its own procedure and everything has to be done a very particular way so you know that's you know definitely something that as you know as we're building this we we want this to be something that you know, if we end up. 

Jermane M. 16:02
You know at that point where we're going like sock 2 compliance that we will be ready you know to pass that and so insurance cheaper too when i when i have compliance certificates yeah the stock 2 compliance is literally like one of the highest you can get um. 

Jermane M. 16:19
It's just uh in order to pass you have to basically get your company tested for that certification um and yeah it's. 

Maxwell R. 16:28
Depending on the size of the company the complexity of it it'll be like the price will vary yeah yeah it's by their people like they are the ones that do the testing it's not like because a company could have a bias or a developer could have a bias right like something yeah yeah exactly so with them it's like it's a total different but but okay and then you know other than than that there's the like the access controls and then there's like the audit audit trails you have to have you know basically like log books like you were saying so so so everything that anyone does within the web app is tracked yeah. 

Ashley Z. 17:13
When they do it who does it um there's metadata screens don't need tracking like a dashboard and widgets like those kinds of things wouldn't need tracking. 

Maxwell R. 17:26
No, yeah, not like that, but if anything was changed, or if anything was downloaded, or if anything was uploaded, or edited, or if there's any type of edit or change, then... 

Ashley Z. 17:42
Downloaded is a good point, too, yes. If the report is viewed, downloaded, those kinds of things, yeah. 

Maxwell R. 17:48
Yeah, any type of action that any user takes on sensitive data... um there's a log you know that's that's kept on that and there's a certain way that you have to keep these logs um and there's like third party super secure databases that are on you can't edit them like they're they're just a red only log that's managed by a third party that's very secure so that way it's like You know, if you're ever audited or whatever the case is, you know, like you can literally like show this to people that ask for it. And it's in it, you know, like you can't play around with it. So but yeah, that's something that we're going to implement as well. And then, yeah. 

Ashley Z. 18:53
Yeah, I feel better now that we've talked about it. 

Maxwell R. 18:55
I think that's it. Yeah. I mean, there's other things. I know that just because as we build, it's going to kind of click, and I'm sure we'll talk about it more. But those are the main concepts, and each of those has their own protocol that has to be followed in order to build this the right way. Especially if we're going to publish this. you know in the web which which we are it's going to be you know access to the whole world with russia china and everyone so you know we have to be extremely careful um so so yeah yep. 

Ashley Z. 19:39
Perfect um where do we want to go next then so we talked about security we've talked about clients at clinics we've talked about users and permissions we've talked about pricing setup We got into emails yesterday a little bit. Do we want to talk about reports? Do we want to go back to user setup or clinics and clients and make sure we're on the same page there? What are you guys needing next to work on? 

Maxwell R. 20:14
Um you know i was thinking like the invoice creation piece could use a bit more discussion okay um i know we've talked about it a lot so but i just want to keep that conversation going so that like Stuff that once we kind of, you know, really start building on it, it's like fresh and we can continue. 

Ashley Z. 20:49
So we want to talk about the upload, the invoice itself. Where do you want to start? The creation or from the spreadsheet or just manual? 

Maxwell R. 21:01
Yeah, pretty much the whole process. So like from the moment, like a file, basically once a user is notified that. an invoice is ready to be sent or however you know we configure that you know like this basically what we want like that that that plan outlined of like what that process is so you know and we can break it in the stages like i know like so there's like a bulk import right where would probably be the majority of use case here um and i think this would be like the main workflow, if I'm not mistaken. So if we can define exactly what happens when say we upload a file of 10,000 lines, what's all that process? What should everything look like? How does the system import an app? and yeah you know what's that logic you know what are those rules um you know what if something fails like like how do we you know and i know we've touched on some of this but like if in an upload there's like a non-existent client or a clinic name or something um in the system you know it throws an error or basically like we have to account for fail-safe so that yeah you know it could have a pop-up that shows like hey you know this isn't even a clinic or do you want to map this to did you meet you know is there a clinic that's already in the system that this needs to be mapped to um you know which you know you want it to be scrubbed you want the data really to be like clean going into it you know garbage in garbage out you know um you don't want to like create new clients automatically you want to have a thorough scrubbing process that prevents dirty data contaminating you know the system so like that whole process as far as yeah i have some thoughts on that yeah invoicing and stuff yep. 

Maxwell R. 23:36
Okay. 

Maxwell R. 23:37
That's a good place to start. I mean, we don't even have to. I was just thinking, that's just what I was thinking. Maybe we could possibly. 

Ashley Z. 23:43
Nervous of, because this is how my brain works, saying something that contradicts something I've said in the past. So if we come up against those points, just let me know as we move along. Because like I might've said like, hey, yeah, let's, sure, let's route it like that. And then I might say something different today. It doesn't negate my previous idea. It's just kind of how my brain works. sometimes I'm so open to either direction and I can logically like push myself into either that sometimes I can end up contradicting myself so um going over this multiple times there may be places where I say something but we'll find out um it tends to be a constant stream of thought um so on the flow yeah okay I can fill time with talking that's something I'm good at um so here Grrr! is the tabs for the top of the invoice so we have client name that's the laboratory clinic name that's the clinic or facility invoice type this is that sub typing that we've created um claim sample reference number this is an open text field that this directly will just appear on the claim in that accession reference number slot um data collection self-explanatory um charge test name this column F is the reference field for the pricing table. So whatever is in F, if it's 80050... three then when we put the pricing module in with the fee schedule it'll appear as 80053-CMP or dash you know whatever comprehensive metabolic panel um so column f is that really important you know referencing column obviously column b is referencing as well it's referencing to the clinic or facility so it has to be spelled exactly the same Invoice type would have to be spelled exactly the same. You couldn't. come up with a new invoice type and put it in here without that invoice type existing in the system so if it says snf here it's just gonna go into an snf invoice it says hospice here it's gonna go into a hospice invoice um which we can talk more about the invoice voice typing we haven't routed that fully yet and discussed invoice typing fully yet um we talked about f g and h i mean those are just display fields i is a display field as well um and then display note if a note is required on that line and then we added units of service and we can move units of service over to be like 5f um as far as the order goes now what i will say is we'll probably have to tell people you know the data collection has to be in this format like month month date date year year year same thing with date of birth so that we don't have any problems there um outside of that We did talk about the clinic name may have multiple characters in it, ampersands, things like that. So we need to account for those. Even a client name could, like we could bring on a lab that's health and wellness lab and that and is an ampersand. So those two fields, you'd have to consider that invoice type. You shouldn't have anything. But the reference number, you could, I mean, someone could come up with an accession number that has like the pound sign in it or a dash. those are the only two I've ever seen but those could be a data collection charge test name yeah display note I think we should put a character limit in there and we can kind of test what that character limit looks like but I think all notes on invoices need a character limit otherwise invoices will become 17 pages long when they really should be six so I think we need to place in character limits and kind of build that into the software I think that there should be this test file available to download out of the system. So it's like before you do an upload, you can do a download and it would have like fake data in here. So at any point in time, someone could pull a file and see like one line of fake data with the column headers so that they can build their own. Um, I mean, that just kind of makes sense to me so that they can see what it's supposed to look like, or any other instructions in there. So it would say like clinical name, clinic name, underneath would say like in red must match exactly to what is in system client name must match exactly to what is in system invoice type must match exactly into what is in system you know those kinds of things data collection month month day day year year year year um charge testing must match exactly to the mapping on the fee schedule um and then display note must have less than blank characters otherwise it will just be i think we just route that to a cutoff So if they try to upload more, it only accepts the first blank number of characters and then it cuts it. Because I don't see a world where we would want it to not create invoices because someone typed in a note that was too long. I think it would just cut it off and someone would have to go manually into those invoices and make corrections on those. 

Maxwell R. 28:51
Understood. 

Ashley Z. 28:53
But they should be aware on the front end that we put in a character limit. 

Jermane M. 28:59
For column F. Are you going to have multiple tests in that column, like separated with a comma, or are they going to be on individual lines? 

Ashley Z. 29:07
I think they should be on individual lines. And we can tell anyone that. Because we're making individual lines, I mean, if down the road we needed to change that, we could. But that's how CMD works, is accession number, CPT code, CPT code, CPT code, like each on their own line. With building this for us first and foremost, that's how that would work for us. 

Jermane M. 29:34
Okay. So it would be only data in the F column for the next couple of rows, or would you copy the entire? 

Ashley Z. 29:45
The entire column would copy, or the entire row would copy. So it would have, you would know because it would have a bunch of the same reference number. 

Maxwell R. 29:54
What is the charge test name again? What is that? 

Ashley Z. 29:59
That is here. So when we talked about mapping, let's go in here to mapping one to one the input to the output. That's here. Charge test name. 

Ashley Z. 30:12
Okay. 

Ashley Z. 30:13
Column F, input to be mapped to output. So that's whatever is in the input. 

Ashley Z. 30:20
Okay. 

Ashley Z. 30:20
Is your charge test name. 

Maxwell R. 30:21
Understood. Got it. 

Ashley Z. 30:23
Yep. So that's going to be what spits out your output. But yeah, so that's kind of my thought process there. Let's talk about each one, what they should do upon failure. Let's say someone's amazing. and they've created a failure point on each one how do you map a failure point so we we said we were going to build a a queue rihanna that whenever an upload fails everything uploads that can upload right so if it's good it uploads but if it fails it goes into a queue with a reason why so like if a line fails it'll go into a queue So everything uploads. This is a really good point that we didn't talk about before, Max and Jermaine. You should be able to keep adding to an invoice until it finalizes because this is my thought process here. You do an upload. It goes into the invoices to start invoice generation. One line fails because the CPT code is missing. You don't want it to create a new invoice. when you fix out that one line. When an invoice is in draft state, as many lines can be added to it as occur on upload until it's finalized. And then it's closed out. And unless you manually go in and hand key in a line and upload like how the upload function works, it would no longer add to an invoice. It would draft a new one. 

Maxwell R. 31:59
Yeah, we can make stages like a draft stage. Then once it's finalized, it's a finalized stage. 

Ashley Z. 32:06
Yeah. 

Maxwell R. 32:07
And then it'll prevent that type of scenario from occurring. 

Maxwell R. 32:12
Okay. 

Maxwell R. 32:13
And what about versions? What about branches of the same invoice? That wouldn't be a thing, would it? You wouldn't have to edit an invoice, right? And then resend it, would you? 

Ashley Z. 32:33
Yes, you would. But in that case, we would remove those lines. So we could just put them in dispute and delete those specific lines. 

Maxwell R. 32:42
But would that be a new invoice, though? 

Ashley Z. 32:44
Or would that be the same invoice? Same number. So I'd invoice Maxwell Health for 10 samples. You respond to me and say, hey, you disputed a line. You said this patient actually has insurance. It should not have went to us. Here's a copy of the patient's insurance. The options then would be. to just write off the balance of those lines, right? Or to delete those lines and issue a new invoice. 

Ashley Z. 33:14
Okay, got it. 

Ashley Z. 33:17
Those are kind of our options to handle that. Because we do need to be able, like there are going to be times where their disputes are correct. So if they send over a dispute, we need to be able to handle that dispute. So how does it. 

Maxwell R. 33:35
Sorry to cut you off. How does it, how do you currently handle that in QuickBooks? 

Ashley Z. 33:42
Rhiannon, you have someone, you have someone state, Hey, remove this patient. How are you handling it? 

Rhiannon H. 33:51
I go into QuickBooks and I delete the line. So there's like no tracking ability of what's been deleted on it. It's just very basic. I mean, And And if there's like a clinic that's not in there, I have set up my QuickBooks to where it won't let me upload the file until I go in there and I manually add the clinic because I don't want it to like duplicate something. Because CMD doesn't allow like the ampersand or the and sign. And some of the clinic's names in QuickBooks have the and sign. So I have to like change the name to match what is exactly in. 

Jermane M. 34:32
I have inputted into quitbooks and then if there's no avoid the ampersand and what else the end sign that's not at that sign that sign is. 

Maxwell R. 34:52
That really the name of it is an at sign that's what i call it. 

Ashley Z. 35:00
I'm sure it has a very fancy name Max. Because the ampersand is not called the and sign. 

Maxwell R. 35:09
Right. That's what I'm saying. Like it has to be. 

Ashley Z. 35:14
Okay, so if I went into an invoice in QuickBooks, Rhiannon's straight up removing, deleting lines. 

Rhiannon H. 35:27
Yeah, I guess I could also, too, just, like, minus it and put a note on it and say, well, I deleted it. But I've just been deleting the lines because it doesn't make sense to keep something on there that wasn't supposed to be on there in the first place. 

Rhiannon H. 35:43
So you're clicking edit invoice you're coming down here and you're trashing that line you're getting down to there yeah okay okay and. 

Rhiannon H. 36:03
Then you're reissuing or just resending the invoice out. 

Ashley Z. 36:09
So then you click review and send. So Max, like we talked about yesterday, we need the ability to re-trigger a new one to go out, not on schedule. So she would have to have the ability to edit the invoice. Yeah. 

Maxwell R. 36:22
Here's my thoughts on this. I feel like this somehow needs to be tracked because you don't want... 

Maxwell R. 36:35
Situation i feel like there's some situation or something that could happen i'm just and i'm just a new employee there's always the situation which wrong things can happen yeah i feel like um anything. 

Maxwell R. 36:51
That could happen but any potential for something to happen you know it's like we want to try to like think it think think think through all of this of the possible scenarios um And kind of look at it from a retrospective point of view. But yeah, I'm just thinking about if this is something that we would want to track, rather than just have it edited and then that's that, would we want to... 

Ashley Z. 37:21
I think internally, Max, we could probably just gray out the line, right? Let's go in here. So under invoices... invoice details this doesn't have everything yet but if it had the lines it would gray out the line then it would not pull those lines onto the pdf copy of the invoice and the reason i say that we wouldn't track it on the pdf copy of the invoice itself is because of hipaa so if we're notified hey this patient is not our patient that you've put on this invoice we don't want to keep providing them that patient information on that invoice we want to be able to delete the patient information from the invoice and and not keep displaying it to the clinic because we've had that happen a lab misaccessions a sample so then we got like abc wellness so we're sending it to abc wellness but then abc wellness says not our patient and then we send it back to the lab but we have to be able to remove it from that invoice so we wanted an internal like how we have a little sub box here in the gray area like a gray area at the bottom that's like deleted lines and that's just how it would track is if it was removed it would drop down into a deleted section but it would never appear on the user access to a clinic and it would never appear back on a pdf copy of an invoice that's the tracking i can think the other thing we could do is we could just create a history and you'll you'd have to tell me like what's harder is that because I don't care either way. is it harder to create a history where it's like a daily snapshot of the system so like i could click how you can on a google sheet like see history on invoice and it would just have snapshots of changes in the past is it easier to do that or is it easier to create a new subsection where deleted slides are shown yeah. 

Maxwell R. 39:27
That's a good question um I would say... 

Ashley Z. 39:41
Go ahead. 

Ashley Z. 39:41
If we're already keeping a HIPAA log where I can click, like, see history, is it easier in that see history to store snapshots of deletions? Because we're already doing that? Or is it easier to just create a new little sub-display? 

Ashley Z. 40:02
Hang on a second. 

Ashley Z. 40:04
The answer to you, Max, is I'm fine with either. I want to go with what's easier for you. 

Maxwell R. 40:09
Well, yeah. No, I appreciate that. 

Ashley Z. 40:13
Um because then you would just have the edit and delete button so someone could delete admin could delete an invoice or delete lines right yeah so all right i'm just thinking i'm also. 

Maxwell R. 40:40
Wondering how this would look from like a from a user interface perspective as well so i'm thinking like uh a remove line like button you know like it or it could just like literally be you know it says remove line next to the actual item where it says like delete invoice on the actual items in the invoices same thing you could like edit a line or delete the line yeah click the three dots it has like you know uh delete or not avoid line or remove line or remove line exactly yeah. 

Rhiannon H. 41:25
Another that one we were at agility that was very annoying is let's say we had to remove multiple lines it would be nice to have like the option to have like a checkbox. to check them instead of having to individually delete lines because sometimes there would be like let's say 100 lines we'd have to delete and we'd have to keep doing that same thing back and forth and it would take a significant amount of time very. 

Ashley Z. 41:55
Very insightful multiple select so maybe if you remember i can open up true med again Max, but TrueMed had that multiple drop-down field where there was the checkbox button saying remove lines. You click that, it would open up and engage some checkboxes for you. You check the boxes and then click the remove again and all of those would be removed. 

Maxwell R. 42:26
Yeah. The only thing that I could think of is Why, if we're tracking this, then we probably need to have... Okay, Rhiannon, let me ask you. If you're doing a bulk line removal, then would those lines all be removed for the same reason? Or would each of them might be a different reason? 

Rhiannon H. 43:03
Some of them might be for different reasons. For example, some of them just might because we do have invalid invoices. So some of them might be because we are provided updated insurance information or it just wasn't supposed to be invoiced in the first place or. 

Maxwell R. 43:20
Yeah, or a typo or a mix up or whatever the case. 

Maxwell R. 43:23
Yeah. 

Maxwell R. 43:24
Who knows? Yep. Right. Okay. So for that reason. Are there any other reasons? Well, that's what I'm thinking, is that you notate the reason. Maybe not even leave a notation, but make a... Because it would be like a select... Yeah, exactly. It would be a single select for the items. You don't want to categorize everything that you want. For whatever reason that you're going to remove that line, you click each of those lines as like a... you know uh You select each of the lines that you're going to remove, and you confirm the deletion. A pop-up box comes up asking for the user to select the reason why they're deleting those lines. And for those specific lines that were selected, you're going to select the reason and then click confirm. And then you can go through. again with the other lines that need to be removed for a different reason and basically mass remove those if it's a different reason so per reason mass removal uh if that makes sense um i like that so. 

Ashley Z. 44:44
Riannon if you have like seven lines you need to remove for insurance and you had 10 you needed to remove for administrative like the lab told you to remove them you would Select the seven. click okay set those to invalids resolution and then you would click okay if those would be removed then you come back you'd select the 10 pop-up would occur administration remove administrative remove and then you would click ok yep. 

Maxwell R. 45:14
Got it. 

Maxwell R. 45:17
Cool. 

Maxwell R. 45:17
Yeah, sounds good. 

Ashley Z. 45:19
So deleting. Any other questions, Max, Jermaine, on deletion? 

Maxwell R. 45:30
Not on deletion for me. Jake? 

Jermane M. 45:35
Is there going to need to be, like, a filtering option for, like, do you have that as well? Like, do you need to filter by clinic or? 

Ashley Z. 45:44
Um any sort of filtering restrictions in the invoicing queue yes so i guess i wanted to ask you max what the system's kind of intended to do and then we can kind of talk about you know what we want to do because like with the search invoices feature we could type in an invoice number we could type in a clinic number we could type in a date would be the goal that you would be able to just type in those things and then here we could filter them by either those hand keyed things so like typing in river right and then we get river and so i already liked this feature and then from this side we can look at the other two important filters rhiannon can you think of other ways you filter these on just a workflow because we'll be able to do reports on a parent clinic clinic level. 

Maxwell R. 46:43
Yeah, and you can use your imagination big time on this, too, because this is like this conceptual. We're all just kind of like brainstorming and throwing ideas out. So like if if you could like think of like a dream system or like, man, it'd be great or nice to if it could just like, you know, do this and do that. That would be great. And, you know, kind of make the workflow easier. 

Ashley Z. 47:08
Then that's a sales rep field. So the sales rep wouldn't be present in the table, but if we could type in a sales rep name and it would still populate based off of the sales rep name being, we could add it to the table. That's fine. 

Maxwell R. 47:23
But yeah. So we'd have to have, and who adds those admins only salespeople? 

Ashley Z. 47:29
Yeah. The salespeople would be inside the clinic name. So Riverbend labs sales rep germane. So it would have to be reportable on that level because sales reps 100% work their things. Like if a sales rep has outstanding balances, those kinds of things, we'd have to be able to pull reports and invoices on a sales rep level. We'll have to be able to pull this on a parent level as well. So like if Riverbend is a child account to Memorial Hospital, we'd have to be able to type in Memorial Hospital and Riverbend would appear as well as a child account. 

Maxwell R. 48:03
Okay. Okay. So it'll just search. Well, not search. Well, I guess you could. Do you want it to search or just filter? Because you can filter by it, or you could literally type the sales name. You could do search. Okay. It'll be both. It'll be search and filter. Yeah. Because once you have, you know, maybe you have like more than one. Maybe you have a salesperson. multiple salespeople with the same name or something you know what i mean like exactly like as you build on this stuff like you don't think about those things too much and you're like oh man why didn't i account for that that was this full last name too yeah that's fair yeah yeah okay. 

Ashley Z. 49:01
Um okay we can go Rhiannon do you have any thoughts on like the filtering, those kinds of things, so you can see these in a way that's useful? I mean, you're utilizing QuickBooks right now. So you type, you have parent and sub accounts, you can type in clinic names. Are there any other ways outside of sales rep that would be helpful to you to be able to search? 

Rhiannon H. 49:26
Um the only other thing that i can think of is like the balance of the invoice because sometimes i get checks sent over for like a dollar amount, but then they don't include what the clinic's name is on that check. So it would be maybe nice to do that so I could locate the invoice. 

Ashley Z. 49:48
So on the payment posting screen, Max, going back to yesterday's conversation, when we said a payment would be there and then there would be all the lists of open invoices, a filtering ability on that screen for her to filter dollar ranges. 

Maxwell R. 50:04
Yep. 

Ashley Z. 50:07
Um The other thing I like at the top, and so if it's in here too, great, is being able to search patients. So if someone calls and says, hey, I want to remove Rhiannon Hobbs from this invoice, Rhiannon can come in here and type in Rhiannon Hobbs. And if there's a patient on an invoice, it doesn't even have to be on this queue screen, but up here. Like if there's a patient on an invoice and I can type in like Rhiannon Hobbs and click search, could it pull up? all the invoices that Rhiannon Hobbs is located on. 

Maxwell R. 50:39
Yep. 

Ashley Z. 50:41
This is my other thought process. 

Maxwell R. 50:43
Yeah, we could expand the schema to include any type of data tables we want. 

Ashley Z. 50:49
Yeah. And just so that way we can... 

Maxwell R. 50:52
It'd take longer, you know, if... You know, there's, like, millions of lines and multiple, you know, like, data tables with millions of lines each. You know, it could take a while, you know. the longer it takes to do like searches and stuff but um you know that's why i was like well i with searching like so like general searches like this like up here um you know they're a bit more uh you know resource intensive and then you you'll notice there's like another search bar underneath And this one would be like, it would just return the result faster, whatever the payload is. 

Ashley Z. 51:39
I'm happy to have it in either place. 

Maxwell R. 51:42
Yep. 

Ashley Z. 51:43
I know the display on this one's easier for sure. 

Maxwell R. 51:46
It may be better to have this search not index all of those other data tables that it doesn't need to and only search what it needs to. It will be better to do that. So just kind of, you know, thinking from a programmer, you know, methodology way. And then, you know, also the user experience, you know, too, it makes it like faster and snappier. So, but anyway. 

Ashley Z. 52:29
No, that's good. Let me check my calendar. Okay, my next meeting canceled, so I'm good. Are you still good, Rhiannon, to be in here? 

Rhiannon H. 52:46
Yeah. 

Ashley Z. 52:49
Okay, so failure at each column. So if for some reason there's a failure on column, A, the lab name. I think it would just appear in that queue, right? To see client name failure. I guess the real question here, Rhiannon, I kind of wanted to talk to you about this, doing this on the daily. So we're talking about building out two queues when failures occur. There's two types of failures. There's data failures and there's duplicate failures. so there will be two queues that are built the duplicate failures you can push through so you could manually review and say no i actually do want to invoice this twice so it's going to have another you know same accession number same cpt codes coming back out again for some reason that's one two is client name doesn't match cpt code doesn't match all those kinds of things they'll develop failures right um Would you like, A, it will develop a queue and give you the reason, and you can download it as an Excel file to show you all the ones that have failed so you can just re-pull those ones and fix them and resubmit them? Or B, would you like that queue to have a drop-down? So let's say the clinic failed. You can click that line. I'm getting a phone call, guys, one second. Thank you sorry about that um no worries anthem needed me um so rhiannon back to my question would you rather have it route to a failure queue and spit out an excel like a queue that you could download as an excel file um and see all the failed accession numbers you can fix them in cmd and do a re-upload or fix the information in the accounting software like if a cpt code is missing in the accounting software and do a re-upload or would you rather be able to go in and edit the line in the system um. 

Rhiannon H. 58:26
I would say because right like the information from cmd typically isn't going to be incorrect we're going to be downloading the data so it would just be that the accounting software needs to add like the clinic name or the CPT so I wouldn't say the issue would be CMD so I wouldn't necessarily say we'd need an Excel download the dream would be to be able to you have your issues here that's it for example you don't have the clinic name to click that and it would be say would you like to add the clinic name and it'll pop out pops up where you can go headed enter that clinic name and then click okay and that's added and then just keep going down like and for example the CPT that's another issue that I come across not being added in say this CPT is missing would you wish to add the CPT to your whatever and then it'll get the give the pop-up where you could enter the information in there so I'm not having to go back and forth on multiple screens. 

Ashley Z. 59:37
So when we talk about the UI on that, it would look like kind of like a line and then underneath the line. Here's my thought process. QuickBooks already kind of does this. Let's open up a new invoice. This is how QuickBooks handles this, Max. If you build an invoice and the clinic doesn't exist. you can add it here, add new. It pops up a pop-up screen to fill out that data. Here you go. 

Rhiannon H. 1:00:14
But from the import function, whenever I go and import my data, it doesn't do this. 

Ashley Z. 1:00:22
Okay, yeah. So this would be from the failure screen. So the failure reason would be missing clinic. You could click add new clinic and a pop-up screen would appear. That's the same pop-up screen from the clinic add function. to add a clinic. Is it easier, Max, to do these as overlays, or is it easier for you to make it so it opens up a new tab that is the ad clinic screen? Your mic is five feet away from your mouth. You're good. 

Maxwell R. 1:01:01
You could do it as an overlay. That way you're still... I mean, really, it's up to you. I would... thinking over like the overlay would be better because you're still within the same page that you're working in yeah so um you could do it that way or you could do like what they're doing where you have a sidebar i mean what whatever you want it could it can literally be whatever you want like yeah. 

Ashley Z. 1:01:37
Well so my thought process here is so you open up the queue the queue is going to have we we showed the cmd queue with all the failure reasons right it would have the failure reason clinic missing and then you could click add clinic a side panel would populate and you could add in the clinic information um and then you click save to add the clinic and then on all the lines of reprocess button and so then all the system would do would be grab that line again and look for the clinic in the same way that it did before and do that reprocess in the way we talked about the delete where you could check reprocess claims at the top check boxes appear click click click click click click check reprocess so like let's say a hundred lines failed for a missing clinic Rhiannon could go in there add the missing clinic check all the lines click reprocess and all those claims would process as if they were on an Excel file again, import and attempt again. And they could develop another failure, right? Like there could be the clinic still wrong or whatever. But the thought process is that it would scoop it up at that point. And then if it was a failed CPT code, you would go into the fee schedule, Rhiannon. add that CPT code in, and then you could go back into the failure screen, check all the boxes with the failure reason of that CPT code. So one thing that's going to be important, Max, on the filter is to have a filter for the failure reason, right? So failed for CPT code, failed for clinic. So Rhiannon could filter those. 

Maxwell R. 1:03:26
Yep. 

Ashley Z. 1:03:26
So that way she's not like clicking two, skipping lines, clicking two, skipping lines. It's all one each reason. The way that TrueMed handles failure reasons, you want to see kind of what we're used to outside of the CMD failure reasons that we had looked at with Jermaine is if for some reason something doesn't bill. So they have the same kind of ledger thing, right? Like, so all these send over. If for some reason something doesn't bill, it develops a final category with a submission failure reason. so if we wanted to do that like here cpt code map missing in system riannon could go in at but it would need to say which cpt code but randall go in add the cpt code and then she could come back in here and just like this has it she could reselect and then say like reprocess lines or she could select all and reprocess lines does that make sense for you riannon. 

Rhiannon H. 1:04:37
Yeah. 

Ashley Z. 1:04:43
So the failure queue then would fail if the client name was missing, it would fail if the clinic name was missing, if the invoice type was not lining up, it would fail. I mean, this is going to probably happen. Someone's going to break it, right? Every way it can break, Max. Someone's going to input date of collection and not a correct format. The charge test name doesn't exist on the fee schedule, patient date of birth, not in the correct format. Those are all reasons it would fail or straight up information missing. So if there's like a whole column of no dates of collection. So Rhiannon, how do you want to handle those ones? You just have to fix the Excel file and put them back in. 

Maxwell R. 1:05:36
Like, if I could also ask another question, like, along those same lines. So like, let's say that you upload a file like with 100 lines, and the system processes, you know, the file and it sees like, there's two types of errors, right? Maybe like, the first error is it failed, because there's like 10 lines that, you know, it's a different name for a clinic, right? And it doesn't exist. And then like, there's like, The other error is there's five lines failed because the CPT code is not mapped yet, or whatever the case is. So from a UI, how to build this so that how it looks the way that you would want and to keep the data. where you want it so that you don't have to go back and forth like um i'm trying to think if you should see on your screen something that allows you to fix both problems like all of the problems on that same sort of pop-up um that way you don't even have to leave like the you know the failure page pop-up you know or overlay if that makes sense like is that something that you do you think that would be good i'm not really explaining this the best way but have all of the problems um that kind of that the system picks up all in the same screen right For you to have something to just rather than go, you know. 

Ashley Z. 1:07:37
Elsewhere you could just like fix it there i i feel like that might be the best if we set up the ui so that building out all these pieces i mean good better best i'm hesitant to say that max because i'm afraid it's complicated but if if we're talking about like the best dream version yes she could click there'd be a couple options on this screen this failure import screen the First would be Ad Clinic. The second would be add fee schedule. The third would be edit line. So like you could actually go in and edit and retype in the date of collection or retype in the clinic name and then reprocess it. So like good, better, best, you could fix all of these in the same page. Because if the problem is that the data collection was in the wrong format for whatever reason, or an Excel downloaded in three dates of service were missing, Rhiannon could just go in, look up those dates of service, replug them back in and have. the system rerun them and add them to the proper invoices yes that would be the best version for sure is that super complicated you know yes and no because. 

Maxwell R. 1:08:54
Things that you may think are complicated might not be anywhere near as complicated as you think and things that you would think aren't shouldn't be complicated at all have a tendency to be the most complicated um so that's why like i'm a fan of just going for like spelling out like painting the the best picture of like the perfect program that we can and striving to achieve that and then what we end up with i know it sounds wild but we you literally like you figure out along the way what might be the most complex and that's just how it goes that's why like in development things get kicked back you know for as long as they do you know is that they just don't account for like the simple things and how they they can actually be like quite intricate because there's different credits I'm sorry. 

Ashley Z. 1:10:00
I'm sorry. 

Ashley Z. 1:10:02
Yeah. 

Ashley Z. 1:10:03
We had a full conversation about roading credits yesterday that by far was the most complex we've addressed so far. So, yeah, no, I'm following you. I mean, go for it, Jermaine. 

Jermane M. 1:10:16
I was going to say, I just I also had a quick question because I know in CMD when you upload the CSV or XLSX, in their case, they take HL7 and CSV. But when you upload it. Pretty much if it's successful, there's no way to remove it. Even if you uploaded the wrong the wrong information so if a person took a sheet and it's 100 hl7s you upload it it's going to be in the system then you have to go in and pretty much manually remove them are you going to need basically a way in which like maybe a delete action or like if a person puts in the wrong sheet to reverse. 

Ashley Z. 1:11:07
Basically the the decision that they just made or would you rather have it where they have to go in and basically delete what they the recent activity okay so rhiannon in this world you accidentally up loaded the wrong lab to the wrong lab to me though it would just trigger a failure and it would go into that failure queue that would delete after 90 days right like it just wouldn't exist in there anymore if it failed because that would be your fail safe is that the lab doesn't exist in there. Like the clinic doesn't exist. You've uploaded a wrong spreadsheet. And then if you accidentally uploaded a duplicate spreadsheet, every single line would trigger to the duplicate queue. They would all fail and it would go into the failure queue and they would delete after 90 days. 

Jermane M. 1:11:54
Yeah. Yeah. The only thing that would probably be a possibility of happening is person is making a sheet. They make another sheet. then they upload like a sheet that was half finished or wasn't worked on. That's like the only thing I could think of that would be a possibility because you're right. The duplicates are already accounted for and the clinics are already accounted for. So it would fail regardless. But say, for example, I don't know if you get these calls, but put a hold on these accounts, you know, but you just uploaded them. 

Ashley Z. 1:12:32
I think we would put that hold on the invoice level though. So now it's generating the invoice. The invoice is in draft. Rhiannon would put it on hold. 

Jermane M. 1:12:40
Got it. Okay. 

Ashley Z. 1:12:42
Or delete it at that point. Because typically she's not uploading one clinic. She would be uploading a hundred clinics and she might get a call saying, Hey Rhiannon, AIM Wellness actually, they're suing us. AHD just had this happen a little while ago. ahc is looking to sue us so do not send out any invoices rihanna would then type in ahc and re-status those to on hold makes sense okay so once it's in the system basically if you want to delete anything you have to go in after the upload and delete it okay is. 

Maxwell R. 1:13:13
Now is that something like that needs to have certain privileges for like users to to do that yep yeah yep and that's an admin level only function right. 

Ashley Z. 1:13:27
Right. Like I would have admin, Rhiannon would have admin, but if Rhiannon has three employees, those three employees would not have admin. So they couldn't go in and delete invoices because they'd be trainees. You wouldn't want to let them delete invoices. 

Jermane M. 1:13:40
Right. 

Ashley Z. 1:13:43
Rhiannon, are you okay with that? That invoices can only be deleted on a specific level? Because that's how it is in CMD. Not everyone can delete claims. Yeah. 

Rhiannon H. 1:13:53
That would be fine. I mean, it's just... whenever if there's the future of somebody being also over in accounting it would just be the fact of i would have to go in there and delete whatever they requested me to to delete but i honestly i would say i probably deleted maybe 10 to 15 invoices so it's not like a huge burden the other thing is if you had an employee that was trained to the level of having admin access. 

Ashley Z. 1:14:26
Just like I've given you admin access, Rian, and there's people in CMD that have admin level access that aren't me so that they can delete claims. It's just at that point where they're trustable. So that way you don't have a bunch of employees who have the ability to delete. They're coming back to you, hey, Rian, and I accidentally deleted three invoices. And you're like, perfect. I got to go pull all that information and get those remanually made. 

Rhiannon H. 1:14:54
Yeah, makes sense. 

Ashley Z. 1:15:00
So Max, at the end of every line, I'm thinking three buttons in the failure queue, edit, and it would just have the column header and then you could come in here and retype in a date of birth, you could come in here and retype a data service, or there would be like a resolve and then you could add the clinic or add the CPT code to the mapping. Now something will need to address with this Max. It would only add it to the main fee schedule. and then it would default to all the other fee schedules to that main fee schedule pricing. That's why I was a little bit hesitant about the CPT code being added at this level because we have all those fee schedules. So it will definitely need to account for if you add a CPT code, just so you know, Rhiannon, like I don't know another way to do this. So unless you can think of another way, anytime a new CPT code gets added, it gets added to the main fee schedule and you put in the main fee schedule price. And then unless you go and edit that price on other fee schedules, it'll be at that default price for everything. Kind of how we talked about last time, Max. where some fee schedules only have 20 CPT codes and then the rest defaults. So these would automatically default across all the other fee schedules because they wouldn't be included in those other contracts since they're new. 

Ashley Z. 1:16:21
Okay. 

Rhiannon H. 1:16:25
Yeah, that's the only way that I could think that it would work. But then let's say you upload one with a CPT code that does have a different price than the Medicare allowable. then would you be able to go and edit that? Like, how would we correct that on the other end, I guess? 

Ashley Z. 1:16:45
The invoice would be in draft until you finalized it for submission. So you could go in. But the biggest thing is we have fee schedules assigned to every single clinic. So they're either going to be assigned to the default, or we go into the clinic and we add a different fee schedule. And so you'd have to just go in and edit that clinic's fee schedule for that date. Everything would be housed in draft until you finalized. And then max when we finalize, it would run the fee schedule on the moment or on the time that you ran finalized. So the fee schedule would run at that point to double check to make sure there's been no changes or updates in the fee schedule. Then it would develop the PDF and send it out, send out the notification. when it's in draft state it can house the pricing that's there on the upload date but the day that the invoice is created for publish then it would the system as we kind of talked about yesterday is there any stop points and we had brought up one of those stop points yesterday the other it wouldn't be a stop point but a system that would need to run before anything's finalized as one last check on the pricing for the fee schedule so if rihanna did an upload and everything's default price then she could go back into summit diagnostics update their fee schedule because she knows she added a cpt code and then that night before everything runs it would pick up that new price that's not the default that's complicated hang on a second yeah unless you would have the ability the best version of the system would be Until something's finalized, the fee schedule would just auto-populate every time you refresh the screen based off of what's in that database. 

Maxwell R. 1:18:38
Okay. Hang on a second. I'm just trying to restructure what we're talking about. Okay. A fee structure. 

Maxwell R. 1:19:14
Yeah, so there's basically two invoice stages, like we were saying. There's the draft and then finalized. Then in the draft stage... You can continue to add or edit the lines and the prices. You know, they're like temporary based on like what was available at the time of upload. Right. 

Ashley Z. 1:19:50
Correct. 

Maxwell R. 1:19:51
OK. OK. Yep. And then number two, our finalized finalized stage. It would be the official price for every line item, which should only be calculated at that exact moment that the invoice is finalized, when it's approved to be sent. 

Ashley Z. 1:20:26
Yeah, my other thought is that, shooting for the stars here, is that in draft mode, the pricing... can change. So if I have a invoice and draft for riverbend labs and i go back into settings i go into the client i edit the fee schedule for riverbend labs and i click back into riverbend labs it would immediately upon me opening it up recite that table and pull up the pricing again every time okay. 

Maxwell R. 1:21:00
All right yes because in my mind i was thinking like you know before creating the final like pdf and sending it the system does like one last check against the most current price schedule. And then, you know, if there was like a price or something that was updated after the initial data upload or, you know, something was manually changed, you know, the invoice, it always has the most correct, you know, up to date price, you know? 

Ashley Z. 1:21:31
Yes. I like that for sure. And I'd be happy with that. But I think if we're talking like best, I think it would lifetime site it. And the reason I say that is because. a lab might call me and say hey i know we're not invoicing for 15 more days can you tell me an estimate on what maxwell health is going to go and so if it was live time sourcing then i could say yep based off of what's uploaded right now maxwell health owes 1 700 but if the fee schedule is changing then those estimates would all be wrong until it's been finalized okay. 

Maxwell R. 1:22:25
Yeah, we're playing around in the database. 

Ashley Z. 1:22:28
I see, which is great. I was like, oh, okay. 

Maxwell R. 1:22:32
Everything's going. Yeah, no worries. Alright. Okay. Yeah, I just need to process. Yeah. 

Ashley Z. 1:22:49
We can pause and come back tomorrow. We've thrown a ton at you. 

Jermane M. 1:22:58
Yeah, but it's coming together as far as at least the concept of what's needed in order to really map out everything as a whole. 

Ashley Z. 1:23:07
I've got a concept of a concept, you know? No. 

Jermane M. 1:23:13
You guys are doing great. You're doing great. You basically have been walking us through the whole process as to what it's supposed to look like and how it's supposed to work, which makes it a lot easier to handle those situations. Because really the hardest part is literally this. It's the brainstorming, the building a strong foundation so that when it's actually being developed. we're not in a position where well at least we're not in that position often where it's now getting close to what we thought was done and it's like oh no we didn't account for this this this and this and i don't want this and i don't like this and when you build it uh kind of mentally from the ground up it builds much more of a strong foundation so that we can get a lot closer to the goal rather than just kind of like swinging in the dark yeah so Essentially, what you're proposing, if I understand. 

Maxwell R. 1:24:10
Is the draft stage also pulls live from what the actual... Yes. Okay. 

Ashley Z. 1:24:21
So if I click out, well, just upon refresh, right? So if I clicked out of it, went and edited a table, clicked back in, refreshed, it would have that new pricing. 

Maxwell R. 1:24:33
Okay. 

Ashley Z. 1:24:44
Okay draft would essentially only ever exist i know it's no longer here but like when you click on it in this screen right the draft will just live there it's not published based off of user access to anyone except for billing billing can only see drafts we come in we can look on drafts edit drafts work on drafts the moment is no longer drafted there would be the ability to print the email the PDF. email out the notification all those new functions would be available that weren't available in draft mode in draft mode anything new can be added to it so rhiannon could do an upload today and an upload tomorrow and upload the next day and review all of those every single day she could add but the moment that it sent uploads would no longer touch a finalized invoice they would start a new invoice number and start building on that and and it would create a new invoice line on this queue In draft mode, she could go in and edit it, type it, click on it, whatever. Change email addresses where things should be delivered to. Those kinds of things. 

Maxwell R. 1:25:44
Right. No, I got it. Yeah. No, it makes sense. I got it. I understand. Yeah. So I was wondering how I had to think through the process in my head a bit. But since we're already going to have something that logs and tracks. changes to data, we would still have a way to keep this, you know, fully HIPAA compliant, you know, for any changes to pricing on backend, it all keeps a log and we're able to, I'm trying to think like if we ever needed to diagnose something, if something was incorrectly built. right uh maybe we thought it was right and with live time updates in draft you know would we okay here's now it's coming to me okay what are your thoughts on having no let me think this through. 

Ashley Z. 1:27:08
Max has a concept of a concept right now. Just so you can see, Max, how CMD houses history, there's just a show history button, and it gives the date and time. It gives a unique audit ID stamp, and then you can open it, and it says the field that was changed, the old value, and the new value. Yes. 

Maxwell R. 1:27:30
That's exactly what I'm thinking. 

Ashley Z. 1:27:32
That is how CMD makes these logs, right? So here's... the this was the creation created by ashley's r-link so there's no information but then monday on 6 23 at this time and central audit id this one change was made by user a czar link what was changed the notes field the old value it had nothing the new value that's what happened so that's on all of these so i can go into the referring provider open a referring provider this show history button just exists you can see on thursday 4 24 i created that there's that audit id so let's go to something that's probably going to have a more lengthy history just one second i'm just formulating an idea okay. 

Maxwell R. 1:28:22
So what about if there is a change rather than you know just allowing that change to happen on the back end as a log we have a update to the user or any user that opens that that invoice or file that that invoice page, any user that opens it where a change in price has happened there is a some type of icon or an alert icon of some sort with a, you know, basically a display message stating there has been a change, X, Y, Z, you know, it explains from and to, whatever that is. 

Ashley Z. 1:29:22
So if there's like a fee schedule pricing change in draft mode, or sorry, what are you? In either mode. 

Maxwell R. 1:29:29
In either mode. That way... I'm just thinking, would that potentially help? Maybe, Rian you could speak to this. But would it help to catch potential problems or issues in advance before they become more of an issue or problem if something such as a price or whatever had changed, which then automatically changes the draft invoice? If you had like a notification when you go to open that draft invoice before finalizing it that told you, hey, these lines had such and such pricing changed just as like a notification or an informational display. 

Ashley Z. 1:30:18
So when you log in, a pop up would appear and it says since the last time a user has accessed this, the system made these automated changes to this invoice. 

Maxwell R. 1:30:27
Yep. 

Ashley Z. 1:30:28
So someone went in and updated the email address and the pricing was changed just so you know before you finalize this like it will pop up essentially like this a box notification and it would just say hey automated system made these changes while you were away. 

Maxwell R. 1:30:43
Yeah, because I'm just thinking, and again, this may be a rare occurrence, but an occurrence nonetheless, where you maybe might've been on the phone with a client and they're like, yeah, go ahead, send the invoice. And you send it and it's different than what you told them. I don't know if you would tell them maybe an amount. I don't know if they might have an expectation of that amount, but it would be at least something that you could when you go in and see like um you know in in the alert uh tray um those changes so if there's a discrepancy it's just and there needs to be an explanation as to why that happened it's easier to to provide that or if you just want like an understanding personally as to why something is doing something, it will, you know, kind of be easier to figure that out. Does that make sense? 

Rhiannon H. 1:31:50
Yeah, I think that might be beneficial because I know just personally for myself, I'm very, I'm not forgetful, but sometimes I do something and then I forget that I did it. And then I'm like, why was it this price this day? And then why is it this price now? So I think that would. 

Rhiannon H. 1:32:07
Probably be beneficial just to like rejog your memory when you're coming back into it if something updated yeah or like if you have like other users that are using it that might that might not have been communicated yeah yeah. 

Rhiannon H. 1:32:24
I think that would be beneficial because like right now it's just me so i can only account for myself but yeah when another person comes in there yeah when another person comes in there and makes changes that I want to, and they didn't tell me, then it would be nice to just not have to say, hey, I changed this or this. It's just the system telling you. 

Maxwell R. 1:32:48
Yeah, because you're going to get busy. You're going to have other things. You're going to get pulled different directions. And, you know, even for, like, myself personally, I have to set a thousand alarms and reminders on my phone to, like, you know to even wake up even like you know like i have to have constant alerts and notifications to stay on top of the things especially when there's like a ton of stuff going on you know so like i'm a big fan of like uh you know getting that uh those alerts and and stuff but okay so that's a good thing that we you know in addition that we can add inclusion. 

Ashley Z. 1:33:37
Yeah, I mean, I like any notes, fields, updates, notifications, those kinds of things for sure. I think the more places we can add them, the better. Notifications are great. 

Maxwell R. 1:33:47
Right. And that's what, like, those are the type of things that I want to, like, with this type of system, with a user notification system, whenever certain types of changes are made, we can add to it and say, hey, you know, system-wide notification, blah. 

Maxwell R. 1:34:03
You know and we can have like triggers for whenever certain things are changed you know um maybe maybe a cpt code changes or maybe you know whatever yeah you know oh i like that idea max i like anytime a cpt code is added if we add a test name it should create a ping to everyone so that there's a new fee schedule developed yeah or even a lab you were you know or like a clinic like you know it could i mean it doesn't have to be that. 

Maxwell R. 1:34:33
But along those same lines, really anything that could be... Because again, this is a also... Honestly, this is primarily a communication channel and how we handle data, right? So this is all just data management and how we present that data. That's all this is. So having the users... to be able to have access. And I understand thinking of it from a first person or in a single user perspective, it kind of doesn't make sense and it feels redundant. But when you have teams that are using this, everyone should be on the same page. So things can't kind of, you don't want things to slip through the cracks. You want to have the full context of what the heck is going on and when. when you go to work as well. It's something that when you jump back into your system or your... your your platform to you know bill and invoice it it has it's all there you know what i mean like not like you don't have to look elsewhere and see right but. 

Ashley Z. 1:35:56
Anyway yeah no for sure. 

Maxwell R. 1:35:58
100 percent um yeah but um on that note though i do Thank you. We do have a hard stop here at 3. So can we continue from where we are now? Can we pick back up? You know, like, when are you guys available? 

Ashley Z. 1:36:28
Do we want to? For tomorrow. So if we want to just pick back up there tomorrow at 10 a.m., we have something on the calendar. Rhiannon, if you're free, I'll add you to it. 

Maxwell R. 1:36:37
Yeah, 10 a.m. actually. isn't do I have us on the calendar for 10 yeah cuz if so I think something on your end I might have changed something if I did it might not because we do have another meeting at yeah it's at I think 11 oh excuse me we're in different time zones yep 10 a.m. your time is my time for us yep. 

Ashley Z. 1:37:08
Okay, which is 11, you were 10. Okay, perfect. Yep. Then we'll pick back up tomorrow. We'll pick up on, do we want to pick up on notification? Do we want to pick up on talking about this draft and finalization? Or do we want to pick back up on, okay, so finalizations occurred, submission. How are these going out? And then we can get back into dispute. So we can get back into response. So we could go. We've talked about upload, so we can talk about submission and response if you want next, or we can keep going on upload. Okay. 

Maxwell R. 1:37:47
Wherever the good Lord leads us, you know. 

Ashley Z. 1:37:50
Okay. Enjoy your guys' next meeting. We will talk again soon, I'm sure. Bye. 

Maxwell R. 1:37:57
Sounds good. Bye. 

